Armitage smiled his meaningless smile and walked away, toward the exit.

Case   rubbed   his   forehead   and   looked   around   the   room.   The   diners   were
rising,  women  smiling  as  men  made  jokes.  He  noticed  the  balcony  for  the
first   time,   candles   still   flickering   there   in   private   darkness.   He   heard   the
clink      of      silverware,      muted      conversation.      The      candles      threw      dancing
shadows on the ceiling.

The   girl's   face   appeared   as   abruptly   as   one   of   Riviera's   projections,   her
small  hands  on  the  polished  wood  of  the  balustrade;  she  leaned  forward,
face rapt, it seemed to him, her dark eyes intent on something beyond. The
stage.  It  was  a  striking  face,  but  not  beautiful.  Triangular,  the  cheekbones
high yet strangely fragile-looking, mouth wide and firm, balanced oddly by
a narrow, avian nose with flaring nostrils. And then she was gone, back into
private laughter and the dance of candles.

As  he  left  the  restaurant,  he  noticed  the  two  young  Frenchmen  and  their
girlfriend,  who  were  waiting  for  the  boat  to  the  far  shore  and  the  nearest
casino.

Their    room    was    silent,    the    temperfoam    smooth    as    some    beach    after    a
retreating tide. Her bag was gone. He looked for a note. There was nothing.
Several   seconds   passed   before   the   scene   beyond   the   window   registered
through   his   tension   and   unhappiness.   He   looked   up   and   saw   a   view   of
Desiderata, expensive shops: Gucci, Tsuyako, Hermes, Liberty.

He  stared,  then  shook  his  head  and  crossed  to  a  panel  he  hadn't  bothered
examining. He turned the hologram off and was rewarded with the condos
that terraced the far slope.

He picked up the phone and carried it out to the cool balcony.

"Get  me  a  number  for  the  _Marcus  Garvey,'_  he  told  the  desk.  "It's  a  tug,
registered out of Zion cluster."

The  chip  voice  recited  a  ten-digit  number.  "Sir,"  it  added,  "the  registration
in question is Panamanian."