The  tide  had  left  the  beach  combed  with  patterns  more  subtle  than  any  a
Tokyo gardener produced. When he'd taken a dozen steps in the direction of
the   now   invisible   city,   he   turned   and   looked   back   through   the   gathering
dark. His footprints stretched to the point of his arrival. There were no other
marks to disturb the tarnished sand.

He  estimated  that  he'd  covered  at  least  a  kilometer  before  he  noticed  the
light. He was talking with Ratz, and it was Ratz who first pointed it out, an
orange-red glow to his right, away from the surf. He knew that Ratz wasn't
there,  that  the  bartender  was  a  figment  of  his  own  imagination,  not  of  the
thing  he  was  trapped  in,  but  that  didn't  matter.  He'd  called  the  man  up  for
comfort  of  some  kind,  but  Ratz  had  had  his  own  ideas  about  Case  and  his
predicament.

"Really,  my  artiste,  you  amaze  me.  The  lengths  you  will  go  to  in  order  to
accomplish your own destruction. The redundancy of it! In Night City, you
_had_ it, in the palm of your hand! The speed to eat your sense away, drink
to keep it all so fluid, Linda for a sweeter sorrow, and the street to hold the
axe.    How    far    you've    come,    to    do    it    now,    and    what    grotesque    props...
Playgrounds hung in space, castles hermetically sealed, the rarest rots of old
Europa,    dead    men    sealed    in    little    boxes,    magic    out    of    China..."    Ratz
laughed, trudging along beside him, his pink manipulator swinging jauntily
at his side. In spite of the dark, Case could see the baroque steel that laced
the bartender's blackened teeth. "But I suppose that is the way of an artiste,
no? You needed this world built for you, this beach, this place. To die."

Case halted, swayed, turned toward the sound of surf and the sting of blown
sand. "Yeah," he said. "Shit. I guess..." He walked toward the sound.

"Artiste," he heard Ratz call. "The light. You saw a light. Here. This way..."

He  stopped  again,  staggered,  fell  to  his  knees  in  a  few  millimeters  of  icy
seawater. "Ratz? Light? Ratz..."

But  the  dark  was  total,  now,  and  there  was  only  the  sound  of  the  surf.  He
struggled to his feet and tried to retrace his steps.

Time passed. He walked on.