"~So that first one they'd sent, he'd been hot. Reflexes like you never saw,
implants, enough style for ten ordinary hoods. But the second one, he was. I
dunno, like a _monk._ Cloned. Stone killer from the cells on up. Had it in
him, death, this silence, he gave it off in a cloud..." Her voice trailed off as
the corridor split, identical stairwells descending. She took the left.

"One    time,    I    was    a    little    kid,    we    were    squatting.    It    was    down    by    the
Hudson, and those rats, man, they were big. It's the chemicals get into them.
Big  as  I  was,  and  all  night  one  had  been  scrabbling  under  the  floor  of  the
squat.   Round   dawn   somebody   brought   this   old   man   in,   seams   down   his
cheeks and his eyes all red. Had a roll of greasy leather like you'd keep steel
tools  in,  to  keep  the  rust  off.  Spread  it  out,  had  this  old  revolver  and  three
shells.  Old  man,  he  puts  one  bullet  in  there,  then  he  starts  walking  up  and
down the squat, we're hanging back by the walls.

"~Back and forth. Got his arms crossed, head down, like he's forgotten the
gun.   Listening   for   the   rat.   We   got   real   quiet.   Old   man   takes   a   step.   Rat
moves. Rat moves, he takes another step. An hour of that, then he seems to
remember his gun. Points it at the floor, grins, and pulls the trigger. Rolled
it back up and left.

"~I  crawled  under  there  later.  Rat  had  a  hole  between  its  eyes."  She  was
watching  the  sealed  doorways  that  opened  at  intervals  along  the  corridor.
"The second one, the one who came for Johnny, he was like that old man.
Not  old,  but  he  was  like  that.  He  killed  that  way."  The  corridor  widened.
The sea of rich carpets undulated gently beneath an enormous candelabrum
whose lowest crystal pendant reached nearly to the floor. Crystal tinkled as
Molly entered the hall. THIRD DOOR LEFT, blinked the readout.

She turned left, avoiding the inverted tree of crystal. "I just saw him once.
On  my  way  into  our  place.  He  was  coming  out.  We  lived  in  a  converted
factory  space,  lots  of  young  comers  from  Sense/Net,  like  that.  Pretty  good
security to start with, and I'd put in some really heavy stuff to make it really
tight. I knew Johnny was up there. But this little guy, he caught my eye, as
he  was  coming  out.  Didn't  say  a  word.  We  just  looked  at  each  other  and  I
knew. Plain little guy, plain clothes, no pride in him, humble. He looked at
me and got into a pedicab. I knew. Went upstairs and Johnny was sitting in