"Sure." A millimeter of white showed beneath each of her pupils. Sanpaku.
"You watch your back, man."

He nodded, anxious to be gone.

He  looked  back  as  the  plastic  door  swung  shut  behind  him,  saw  her  eyes
reflected in a cage of red neon.

Friday night on Ninsei.

He   passed   yakitori   stands   and   massage   parlors,   a   franchised   coffee   shop
called Beautiful Girl, the electronic thunder of an arcade. He stepped out of
the      way      to      let      a      dark-suited      sarariman      by,      spotting      the      Mitsubishi-
Genentech logo tattooed across the back of the man's right hand.

Was it authentic? If that's for real, he thought, he's in for trouble. If it wasn't,
served him right. M-G employees above a certain level were implanted with
advanced          microprocessors          that          monitored          mutagen          levels          in          the
bloodstream.    Gear    like    that    would    get    you    rolled    in    Night    City,    rolled
straight into a black clinic.

The sarariman had been Japanese, but the Ninsei crowd was a gaijin crowd.
Groups of sailors up from the port, tense solitary tourists hunting pleasures
no guidebook listed, Sprawl heavies showing off grafts and implants, and a
dozen   distinct   species   of   hustler,   all   swarming   the   street   in   an   intricate
dance of desire and commerce.

There    were    countless    theories    explaining    why    Chiba    City    tolerated    the
Ninsei  enclave,  but  Case  tended  toward  the  idea  that  the  Yakuza  might  be
preserving   the   place   as   a   kind   of   historical   park,   a   reminder   of   humble
origins.    But    he    also    saw    a    certain    sense    in    the    notion    that    burgeoning
technologies    require    outlaw    zones,    that    Night    City    wasn't    there    for    its
inhabitants,  but  as  a  deliberately  unsupervised  playground  for  technology
itself.

Was  Linda  right,  he  wondered,  staring  up  at  the  lights?  Would  Wage  have
him killed to make an example? It didn't make much sense, but then Wage