Corto  heard  the  soft,  relentless  dripping.  He  said  he  preferred  to  testify  as
he was.

No, the aide explained, the trials were being televised. The trials needed to
reach the voter. The aide coughed politely.

Repaired,       refurnished,       and       extensively       rehearsed,       Corto's       subsequent
testimony    was    detailed,    moving,    lucid,    and    largely    the    invention    of    a
Congressional     cabal     with     certain     vested     interests     in     saving     particular
portions of the Pentagon infrastructure. Corto gradually understood that the
testimony  he  gave  was  instrumental  in  saving  the  careers  of  three  officers
directly   responsible   for   the   suppression   of   reports   on   the   building   of   the
emp installations at Kirensk.

His role in the trials over, he was unwanted in Washington. In an M Street
restaurant,  over  asparagus  crepes,  the  aide  explained  the  terminal  dangers
involved   in   talking   to   the   wrong   people.   Corto   crushed   the   man's   larynx
with  the  rigid  fingers  of  his  right  hand.  The  Congressional  aide  strangled,
his face in an asparagus crepe, and Corto stepped out into cool Washington
September.

The Hosaka rattled through police reports, corporate espionage records, and
news   files.   Case   watched   Corto   work   corporate   defectors   in   Lisbon   and
Marrakesh, where he seemed to grow obsessed with the idea of betrayal, to
loathe    the    scientists    and    technicians    he    bought    out    for    his    employers.
Drunk, in Singapore, he beat a Russian engineer to death in a hotel and set
fire to his room.

Next   he   surfaced   in   Thailand,   as   overseer   of   a   heroin   factory.   Then   as
enforcer for a California gambling cartel, then as a paid killer in the ruins of
Bonn. He robbed a bank in Wichita. The record grew vague, shadowy, the
gaps longer.

One day, he said, in a taped segment that suggested chemical interrogation,
everything had gone gray.

Translated        French        medical        records        explained        that        a        man        without
identification had been taken to a Paris mental health unit and diagnosed as