"Well, it _feels_ like I am, kid, but I'm really just a bunch of ROM. It's one
of them, ah, philosophical questions, I guess..." The ugly laughter sensation
rattled  down  Case's  spine.  "But  I  ain't  likely  to  write  you  no  poem,  if  you
follow me. Your AI, it just might. But it ain't no way _human.'_

"So you figure we can't get on to its motive?"

"It own itself?"

"Swiss citizen, but T-A own the basic software and the mainframe."

"That's  a  good  one,"  the  construct  said.  "Like,  I  own  your  brain  and  what
you know, but your thoughts have Swiss citizenship. Sure. Lotsa luck, AI."

"So    it's    getting    ready    to    burn    itself?"    Case    began    to    punch    the    deck
nervously, at random. The matrix blurred, resolved, and he saw the complex
of pink spheres representing a sikkim steel combine.

"Autonomy,  that's  the  bugaboo,  where  your  AI's  are  concerned.  My  guess,
Case, you're going in there to cut the hardwired shackles that keep this baby
from    getting    any    smarter.    And    I    can't    see    how    you'd    distinguish,    say,
between a move the parent company makes, and some move the AI makes
on   its   own,   so   that's   maybe   where   the   confusion   comes   in."   Again   the
nonlaugh. "See, those things, they can work real hard, buy themselves time
to  write  cookbooks  or  whatever,  but  the  minute,  I  mean  the  nanosecond,
that  one  starts  figuring  out  ways  to  make  itself  smarter,  Turing'll  wipe  it.
_Nobody_  trusts  those  fuckers,  you  know  that.  Every  AI  ever  built  has  an
electromagnetic shotgun wired to its forehead."

Case glared at the pink spheres of Sikkim.

"Okay,"   he   said,   finally,   "I'm   slotting   this   virus.   I   want   you   to   scan   its
instruction face and tell me what you think."

The  half  sense  of  someone  reading  over  his  shoulder  was  gone  for  a  few
seconds,  then  returned.  "Hot  shit.  Case.  It's  a  slow  virus.  Take  six  hours,
estimated, to crack a military target."