should  come  to  you  in  the  matrix  like  a  burning  bush?  You  aren't  missing
anything, back there. An hour here'll only take you a couple of seconds."

"You  ever  think  maybe  it  gets  on  my  nerves,  you  coming  on  like  people  I
know?"  He  stood,  swatting  pale  dust  from  the  front  of  his  black  jeans.  He
turned,   glaring   back   at   the   dusty   shop   windows,   the   closed   door   to   the
street. "What's out there? New York? Or does it just stop?"

"Well," said the Finn, "it's like that tree, you know? Falls in the woods but
maybe there's nobody to hear it." He showed Case his huge front teeth, and
puffed  his  cigarette.  "You  can  go  for  a  walk,  you  wanna.  It's  all  there.  Or
anyway  all  the  parts  of  it  you  ever  saw.  This  is  memory,  right?  I  tap  you,
sort it out, and feed it back in."

"I  don't  have  this  good  a  memory,"  Case  said,  looking  around.  He  looked
down at his hands, turning them over. He tried to remember what the lines
on his palms were like, but couldn't.

"Everybody does," the Finn said, dropping his cigarette and grinding it out
under  his  heel,  "but  not  many  of  you  can  access  it.  Artists  can,  mostly,  if
they're any good. If you could lay this construct over the reality, the Finn's
place in lower Manhattan, you'd see a difference, but maybe not as much as
you'd think. Memory's holographic, for you." The Finn tugged at one of his
small ears. "I'm different."

"How do you mean, holographic?" The word made him think of Riviera.

"The   holographic   paradigm   is   the   closest   thing   you've   worked   out   to   a
representation   of   human   memory,   is   all.   But   you've   never   done   anything
about     it.     People,     I     mean."     The     Finn     stepped     forward     and     canted     his
streamlined   skull   to   peer   up   at   Case.   "Maybe   if   you   had,   I   wouldn't   be
happening."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

The  Finn  shrugged.  His  tattered  tweed  was  too  wide  across  the  shoulders,
and didn't quite settle back into position. "I'm trying to help you, Case."