he and Wage had met with Matsuga, but whatever front company Matsuga
had   operated   was   long   gone.   No   terminal,   nothing.   Light   from   the   alley
behind  the  arcade,  filtering  in  through  sootblown  plastic.  He  made  out  a
snakelike    loop    of    fiberoptics    protruding    from    a    wall    socket,    a    pile    of
discarded food containers, and the bladeless nacelle of an electric fan.

The  window  was  a  single  pane  of  cheap  plastic.  He  shrugged  out  of  his
jacket, bundled it around his right hand, and punched. It split, requiring two
more blows to free it from the frame. Over the muted chaos of the games,
an  alarm  began  to  cycle,  triggered  either  by  the  broken  window  or  by  the
girl at the head of the corridor.

Case turned, pulled his jacket on, and flicked the cobra to full extension.

With   the   door   closed,   he   was   counting   on   his   tail   to   assume   he'd   gone
through the one he'd kicked half off its hinges. The cobra's bronze pyramid
began to bob gently, the spring-steel shaft amplifying his pulse.

Nothing happened. There was only the surging of the alarm, the crashing of
the games, his heart hammering. When the fear came, it was like some half-
forgotten   friend.   Not   the   cold,   rapid   mechanism   of   the   dex-paranoia,   but
simple animal fear. He'd lived for so long on a constant edge of anxiety that
he'd almost forgotten what real fear was.

This  cubicle  was  the  sort  of  place  where  people  died.  He  might  die  here.
They might have guns...

A     crash,     from     the     far     end     of     the     corridor.     A     man's     voice,     shouting
something in Japanese. A scream, shrill terror. Another crash.

And footsteps, unhurried, coming closer.

Passing  his  closed  door.  Pausing  for  the  space  of  three  rapid  beats  of  his
heart. And returning. One, two, three. A bootheel scraped the matting.

The  last  of  his  octagon-induced  bravado  collapsed.  He  snapped  the  cobra
into  its  handle  and  scrambled  for  the  window,  blind  with  fear,  his  nerves
screaming. He was up, out, and falling, all before he was conscious of what