The room was large. He sat up. The room was empty, aside from the wide
pink   bedslab   and   two   nylon   bags,   new   and   identical,   that   lay   beside   it.
Blank  walls,  no  windows,  a  single  white-painted  steel  firedoor.  The  walls
were  coated  with  countless  layers  of  white  latex  paint.  Factory  space.  He
knew this kind of room, this kind of building; the tenants would operate in
the interzone where art wasn't quite crime, crime not quite art.

He was home.

He swung his feet to the floor. It was made of little blocks of wood, some
missing, others loose. His head ached. He remembered Amsterdam, another
room, in the Old City section of the Centrum, buildings centuries old. Molly
back   from   the   canal's   edge   with   orange   juice   and   eggs.   Armitage   off   on
some cryptic foray, the two of them walking alone past Dam Square to a bar
she knew on a Damrak thoroughfare. Paris was a blurred dream. Shopping.
She'd taken him shopping.

He stood, pulling on a wrinkled pair of new black jeans that lay at his feet,
and   knelt   beside   the   bags.   The   first   one   he   opened   was   Molly's:   neatly
folded    clothing    and    small    expensive-looking    gadgets.    The    second    was
stuffed   with   things   he   didn't   remember   buying:   books,   tapes,   a   simstim
deck,  clothing  with  French  and  Italian  labels.  Beneath  a  green  t-shirt,  he
discovered a flat, origami-wrapped package, recycled Japanese paper.

The paper tore when he picked it up; a bright nine-pointed star fell -to stick
upright in a crack in the parquet.

"Souvenir,"   Molly   said.   "I   noticed   you   were   always   looking   at   'em."   He
turned  and  saw  her  sitting  crosslegged  on  the  bed,  sleepily  scratching  her
stomach with burgundy nails.

"Someone's  coming  later  to  secure  the  place,"  Armitage  said.  He  stood  in
the  open  doorway  with  an  old-fashioned  magnetic  key  in  his  hand.  Molly
was making coffee on a tiny German stove she took from her bag.

"I   can   do   it,"   she   said.   "I   got   enough   gear   already.   Infrascan   perimeter,
screamers..."