sight.  Real  cute.  Well,  help  'em  get  his  ass  outa  here.  I  gotta  scan  all  that
gear before he wakes up, make sure Armitage is getting his money's worth."

Molly bent and picked something up. A pistol. "A Nambu," she said. "Nice
gun."

Terzibashjian   made   a   whining   sound.   Case   saw   that   most   of   his   middle
finger was missing.

With the city drenched in predawn blue, she told the Mercedes to take them
to   Topkapi.   The   Finn   and   an   enormous   Turk   named   Mahmut   had   taken
Riviera, still unconscious, from the alley. Minutes later, a dusty Citroen had
arrived for the Armenian, who seemed on the verge of fainting.

"You're an asshole," Molly told the man, opening the ear door for him. "You
shoulda   hung   back.   I   had   him   in   my   sights   as   soon   as   he   stepped   out."
Terzibashjian    glared    at    her.    "So    we're    through    with    you    anyway."    She
shoved him in and slammed the door. "Run into you again and I'll kill you,"
she  said  to  the  white  face  behind  the  tinted  window.  The  Citroen  ground
away down the alley and swung clumsily into the street.

Now    the    Mercedes    whispered    through    Istanbul    as    the    city    woke.    They
passed the Beyoglu _tunel_ terminal and sped past mazes of deserted back
streets, run-down apartment houses that reminded Case vaguely of Paris.

"What is this thing?" he asked Molly, as the Mercedes parked itself on the
fringes   of   the   gardens   that   surround   the   Seraglio.   He   stared   dully   at   the
baroque conglomeration of styles that was Topkapi.

"It  was  sort  of  a  private  whorehouse  for  the  King,"  she  said,  getting  out
stretching. "Kept a lotta women there. Now it's a museum. Kinda like Finn's
shop, all this stuff just jumbled in there, big diamonds, swords, the left hand
of John the Baptist..."

"Like in a support vat?"

"Nah.  Dead.  Got  it  inside  this  brass  hand  thing,  little  hatch  on  the  side  so
the Christians could kiss it for luck. Got it off the Christians about a million