a chair by the window, with his mouth a little open, like he'd just thought of
something to say."

The door in front of her was old, a carved slab of Thai teak that seemed to
have been sawn in half to fit the low doorway. A primitive mechanical lock
with  a  stainless  face  had  been  inset  beneath  a  swirling  dragon.  She  knelt,
drew a tight little roll of black chamois from an inside pocket, and selected
a needle-thin pick. "Never much found anybody I gave a damn about, after
that."

She inserted the pick and worked in silence, nibbling at her lower lip. She
seemed to rely on touch alone, her eyes unfocused and the door was a blur
of  blond  wood.  Case  listened  to  the  silence  of  the  hall,  punctuated  by  the
soft    clink    of    the    candelabrum.    Candles?    Straylight    was    all    wrong.    He
remembered    Cath's    story    of    a    castle    with    pools    and    lilies,    and    3Jane's
mannered   words   recited   musically   by   the   head.   A   place   grown   in   upon
itself.   Straylight   smelled   faintly   musty,   faintly   perfumed,   like   a   church.
Where     were     the     Tessier-Ashpools?     He'd     expected     some     clean     hive     of
disciplined activity, but Molly had seen no one. Her monologue made him
uneasy; she'd never told him that much about herself before. Aside from her
story in the cubicle, she'd seldom said anything that had even indicated that
she had a past.

She closed her eyes and there was a click that Case felt rather than heard. It
made  him  remember  the  magnetic  locks  on  the  door  of  her  cubicle  in  the
puppet place. The door had opened for him, even though he'd had the wrong
chip.      That      was      Wintermute,      manipulating      the      lock      the      way      it      had
manipulated the drone micro and the robot gardener. The lock system in the
puppet  place  had  been  a  subunit  of  Freeside's  security  system.  The  simple
mechanical lock here would pose a real problem for the AI, requiring either
a drone of some kind or a human agent.

She opened her eyes, put the pick back into the chamois, carefully rerolled
it, and tucked it back into its pocket. "Guess you're kinda like he was," she
said.  "Think  you're  born  to  run.  Figure  what  you  were  into  back  in  Chiba,
that  was  a  stripped  down  version  of  what  you'd  be  doing  anywhere.  Bad
luck, it'll do that sometimes, get you down to basics." She stood, stretched,
shook  herself.  "You  know,  I  figure  the  one  Tessier-Ashpool  sent  after  that