Case   followed   him   into   a   larger   space,   a   kind   of   lounge,   shredding   and
crumpling the lengths of printout that snared him in his passage. There were
more of the articulated chairs, here, something that resembled a bar, and the
Hosaka. The printer, still spewing its flimsy tongue of paper, was an in-built
bulkhead    unit,    a    neat    slot    in    a    panel    of    handrubbed    veneer.    He    pulled
himself over the circle of chairs and reached it, punching a white stud to the
left of the slot. The chattering stopped. He turned and stared at the Hosaka.
Its  face  had  been  drilled  through,  at  least  a  dozen  times.  The  holes  were
small, circular, edges blackened. Tiny spheres of bright alloy were orbiting
the dead computer. "Good guess," he said to Maelcum.

"Bridge locked, mon," Maelcum said, from the opposite side of the lounge.

The lights dimmed, surged, dimmed again.

Case    ripped    the    printout    from    its    slot.    More    zeros.    "Wintermute?"    He
looked around the beige and brown lounge, the space scrawled with drifting
curves of paper. "That you on the lights, Wintermute?"

A     panel     beside     Maelcum's     head     slid     up,     revealing     a     small     monitor.
Maelcum    jerked    apprehensively,    wiped    sweat    from    his    forehead    with    a
foam  patch  on  the  back  of  a  gloved  hand,  and  swung  to  study  the  display.
"You   read   Japanese,   mon?"   Case   could   see   figures   blinking   past   on   the
screen.

"No," Case said.

"Bridge is escape pod, lifeboat. Countin'~ down, looks like it. Suit up now."
He ringed his helmet and slapped at the seals.

"What?  He's  takin'~  off?  Shit!"  He  kicked  off  from  the  bulkhead  and  shot
through     the     tangle     of     printout.     "We     gotta     open     this     door,     man!"     But
Maelcum   could   only   tap   the   side   of   his   helmet.   Case   could   see   his   lips
moving,   through   the   Lexan.   He   saw   a   bead   of   sweat   arc   out   from   the
rainbow  braided  band  of  the  purple  cotton  net  the  Zionite  wore  over  his
locks.    Maelcum    snatched    the    helmet    from    Case    and    ringed    it    for    him
smoothly, the palms of his gloves smacking the seals. Micro LED monitors
to the left of the faceplate lit as the neck ring connections closed. "No seh