"The  dreams  grow  like  slow  ice,"  he  said.  His  face  was  tinged  with  blue.
His head sank back into the waiting leather and he began to snore.

Up, she snatched the gun. She stalked the room, Ashpool's automatic in her
hand.

A  vast  quilt  or  comforter  was  heaped  beside  the  bed,  in  a  broad  puddle  of
congealed blood, thick and shiny on the patterned rugs. Twitching a corner
of the quilt back, she found the body of a girl, white shoulder blades slick
with  blood.  Her  throat  had  been  slit.  The  triangular  blade  of  some  sort  of
scraper glinted in the dark pool beside her. Molly knelt, careful to avoid the
blood, and turned the dead girl's face to the light. The face Case had seen in
the restaurant.

There   was   a   click,   deep   at   the   very   center   of   things,   and   the   world   was
frozen. Molly's simstim broadcast had become a still frame, her fingers on
the  girl's  cheek.  The  freeze  held  for  three  seconds,  and  then  the  dead  face
was altered, became the face of Linda Lee.

Another click, and the room blurred. Molly was standing, looking down at a
golden   laser   disk   beside   a   small   console   on   the   marble   top   of   a   bedside
table.  A  length  of  fiberoptic  ribbon  ran  like  a  leash  from  the  console  to  a
socket at the base of the slender neck.

"I    got    your    number,    fucker,"    Case    said,    feeling    his    own    lips    moving,
somewhere, far away. He knew that Wintermute had altered the broadcast.
Molly   hadn't   seen   the   dead   girl's   face   swirl   like   smoke,   to   take   on   the
outline of Linda's deathmask.

Molly turned. She crossed the room to Ashpool's chair. The man's breathing
was slow and ragged. She peered at the litter of drugs and alcohol. She put
his pistol down, picked up her fletcher, dialed the barrel over to single shot,
and   very   carefully   put   a   toxin   dart   through   the   center   of   his   closed   left
eyelid.  He  jerked  once,  breath  halting  in  mid-intake.  His  other  eye,  brown
and fathomless, opened slowly.

It was still open when she turned and left the room.