things   moved,   where   they   went.   He   saw   somebody   lose   this   key   twenty
years  ago,  and  he  managed  to  get  somebody  else  to  leave  it  here.  Then  he
killed  him,  the  boy  who'd  brought  it  here.  Kid  was  eight."  She  closed  her
white fingers over the key. "So nobody would find it." She took a length of
black  nylon  cord  from  the  suit's  kangaroo  pocket  and  threaded  it  through
the  round  hole  above  CHUBB.  Knotting  it,  she  hung  it  around  her  neck.
"They were always fucking him over with how old-fashioned they were, he
said, all their nineteenth-century stuff. He looked just like the Finn, on the
screen  in  that  meat  puppet  hole.  Almost  thought  he  _was_  the  Finn,  if  I
wasn't  careful."  Her  readout  flared  the  time,  alphanumerics  superimposed
over the gray steel chests. "He said if they'd turned into what they'd wanted
to,   he   could've   gotten   out   a   long   time   ago.   But   they   didn't.   Screwed   up.
Freaks like 3Jane. That's what he called her, but he talked like he liked her."

She    turned,    opened    the    door,    and    stepped    out,    her    hand    brushing    the
checkered grip of the holstered fletcher.

Case flipped.

Kuang Grade Mark Eleven was growing.

"Dixie, you think this thing'll work?"

"Does  a  bear  shit  in  the  woods?"  The  Flatline  punched  them  up  through
shifting rainbow strata.

Something    dark    was    forming    at    the    core    of    the    Chinese    program.    The
density   of   information   overwhelmed   the   fabric   of   the   matrix,   triggering
hypnagogic images. Faint kaleidoscopic angles centered in to a silver-black
focal  point.  Case  watched  childhood  symbols  of  evil  and  bad  luck  tumble
out along translucent planes: swastikas, skulls and crossbones, dice flashing
snake eyes. If he looked directly at that null point, no outline would form. It
took    a    dozen    quick,    peripheral    takes    before    he    had    it,    a    shark    thing,
gleaming like obsidian, the black mirrors of its flanks reflecting faint distant
lights that bore no relationship to the matrix around it.

"That's  the  sting,"  the  construct  said.  "When  Kuang's  good  and  bellytight
with the Tessier-Ashpool core, we're ridin'~ that through."