"Fuck off," Case said, and flipped, cutting off the torn fingernail edge of the
Flatline's laughter.

"She    dreamed    of    a    state    involving    very    little    in    the    way    of    individual
consciousness,"  3Jane  was  saying.  She  cupped  a  large  cameo  in  her  hand,
extending it toward Molly. The carved profile was very much like her own.
"Animal bliss. I think she viewed the evolution of the forebrain as a sort of
sidestep." She withdrew the brooch and studied it, tilting it to catch the light
at different angles. "Only in certain heightened modes would an individual -
a clan member -suffer the more painful aspects of self-awareness..."

Molly  nodded.  Case  remembered  the  injection.  What  had  they  given  her?
The  pain  was  still  there,  but  it  came  through  as  a  tight  focus  of  scrambled
impressions. Neon worms writhing in her thigh, the touch of burlap, smell
of  frying  krill  -his  mind  recoiled  from  it.  If  he  avoided  focusing  on  it,  the
impressions  overlapped,  became  a  sensory  equivalent  of  white  noise.  If  it
could do that to her nervous system, what would her frame of mind be?

Her vision was abnormally clear and bright, even sharper than usual. Things
seemed    to    vibrate,    each    person    or    object    tuned    to    a    minutely    different
frequency. Her hands, still locked in the black ball, were on her lap. She sat
in one of the pool chairs, her broken leg propped straight in front of her on a
camelskin  hassock.  3Jane  sat  opposite,  on  another  hassock,  huddled  in  an
oversized djellaba of unbleached wool. She was very young.

"Where'd he go?" Molly asked. "To take his shot?"

3Jane shrugged beneath the folds of the pale heavy robe and tossed a strand
of dark hair away from her eyes. "He told me when to let you in," she said.
"He wouldn't tell me why. Everything has to be a mystery. Would you have
hurt us?"

Case felt Molly hesitate. "I would've killed him. I'd've tried to kill the ninja.
Then I was supposed to talk with you."

"Why?"   3Jane   asked,   tucking   the   cameo   back   into   one   of   the   djellaba's
inner pockets. "And why? And what about?"