sides of his deck and worked the thumb lever that created suction. With the
deck,  construct,  and  improvised  shoulder  strap  suspended  in  front  of  him,
he  struggled  into  his  leather  jacket,  checking  the  contents  of  his  pockets.
The passport Armitage had given him, the bank chip in the same name, the
credit  chip  he'd  been  issued  when  he'd  entered  Freeside,  two  derms  of  the
betaphenethylamine he'd bought from Bruce, a roll of New Yen, half a pack
of    Yeheyuans,    and    the    shuriken.    He    tossed    the    Freeside    chip    over    his
shoulders,  heard  it  click  off  the  Russian  scrubber.  He  was  about  to  do  the
same with the steel star, but the rebounding credit chip clipped the back of
his   skull,   spun   off,   struck   the   ceiling,   and   tumbled   past   Maelcum's   left
shoulder.   The   Zionite   interrupted   his   piloting   to   glare   back   at   him.   Case
looked   at   the   shuriken,   then   tucked   it   into   his   jacket   pocket,   hearing   the
lining tear.

"You missin'~ th'~ Mute, mon," Maelcum said. "Mute say he messin'~ th'~
security     for     _Garvey._     _Garvey_     dockin'~     as     'nother     boat,     boat     they
'spectin'~ out of Babylon. Mute broadcastin'~ codes for us."

"We gonna wear the suits?"

"Too heavy." Maelcum shrugged. "Stay in web 'til I tell you." He tapped a
final  sequence  into  the  module  and  grabbed  the  worn  pink  handholds  on
either side of the navigation board. Case saw the green square shrink a final
few millimeters to overlap the red square. On the smaller screen, _Haniwa_
lowered her bow to miss the curve of the spindle and was snared. _Garvey_
was  still  slung  beneath  her  like  a  captive  grub.  The  tug  rang,  shuddered.
Two   stylized   arms   sprang   out   to   grip   the   slender   wasp   shape.   Straylight
extruded  a  tentative  yellow  rectangle  that  curved,  groping  past  _Haniwa_
for _Garvey._

There was a scraping sound from the bow, beyond the trembling fronds of
caulk.

"Mon," Maelcum said, "mind we got gravity." A dozen small objects struck
the  floor  of  the  cabin  simultaneously,  as  though  drawn  there  by  a  magnet.
Case        gasped        as        his        internal        organs        were        pulled        into        a        different
configuration. The deck and construct had fallen painfully to his lap.