"Mon," Maelcum said quietly, "get up here, 'side me." Case edged sideways
on the circular ladder and climbed the last few rungs. The gangway ended
in  a  smooth,  slightly  convex  hatch,  two  meters  in  diameter.  The  hydraulic
members  of  the  tube  vanished  into  flexible  housings  set  into  the  frame  of
the hatch.

"So what do we --"

Case's  mouth  shut  as  the  hatch  swung  up,  a  slight  differential  in  pressure
puffing fine grit into his eyes.

Maelcum scrambled up, over the edge, and Case heard the tiny click of the
Remington's safety being released. "You th'~ mon in th'~ hurry..." Maelcum
whispered, crouching there. Then Case was beside him.

The   hatch   was   centered   in   a   round,   vaulted   chamber   floored   with   blue
nonslip  plastic  tiles.  Maelcum  nudged  him,  pointed,  and  he  saw  a  monitor
set  into  a  curved  wall.  On  the  screen,  a  tall  young  man  with  the  Tessier-
Ashpool    features    was    brushing    something    from    the    sleeves    of    his    dark
suitcoat. He stood beside an identical hatch, in an identical chamber. "Very
sorry, sir," said a voice from a grid centered above the hatch. Case glanced
up.  "Expected  you  later,  at  the  axial  dock.  One  moment,  please."  On  the
monitor, the young man tossed his head impatiently.

Maelcum spun as a door slid open to their left, the shotgun ready. A small
Eurasian    in    orange    coveralls    stepped    through    and    goggled    at    them.    He
opened    his    mouth,    but    nothing    came    out.    He    closed    his    mouth.    Case
glanced at the monitor. Blank.

"Who?" the man managed.

"The     Rastafarian     navy,"     Case     said,     standing     up,     the     cyberspace     deck
banging    against    his    hip,    "and    all    we    want's    a    jack    into    your    custodial
system."

The man swallowed. "Is this a test? It's a loyalty check. It must be a loyalty
check." He wiped the palms of his hands on the thighs of his orange suit.