human  skeletal  growth  factor.  Overdoses  of  HsG  threw  certain  bone  cells
into    overdrive,    accelerating    growth    by    factors    as    high    as    one    thousand
percent.        At        12:05:00,        the        mirror-sheathed        nexus        of        the        Sense/Net
consortium  held  just  over  three  thousand  employees.  At  five  minutes  after
midnight,  as  the  Moderns'~  message  ended  in  a  flare  of  white  screen,  the
Sense/Net    Pyramid    screamed.    Half    a    dozen    NYPD    Tactical    hovercraft,
responding    to    the    possibility    of    Blue    Nine    in    the    building's    ventilation
system, were converging on the Sense/Net Pyramid. They were running full
riot lights. A BAMA Rapid Deployment helicopter was lifting off from its
pad on Riker's. Case triggered his second program. A carefully engineered
virus  attacked  the  code  fabric  screening  primary  custodial  commands  for
the  sub-basement  that  housed  the  Sense/Net  research  materials.  "Boston,"
Molly's  voice  came  across  the  link,  "I'm  downstairs."  Case  switched  and
saw  the  blank  wall  of  the  elevator.  She  was  unzipping  the  white  pants.  A
bulky  packet,  exactly  the  shade  of  her  pale  ankle,  was  secured  there  with
micropore.     She     knelt     and     peeled     the     tape     away.     Streaks     of     burgundy
flickered  across  the  mimetic  polycarbon  as  she  unfolded  the  Modern  suit.
She  removed  the  pink  raincoat,  threw  it  down  beside  the  white  pants,  and
began to pull the suit on over the white mesh top.

12:06:26.

Case's  virus  had  bored  a  window  through  the  library's  command  ice.  He
punched    himself    through    and    found    an    infinite    blue    space    ranged    with
color-coded     spheres     strung     on     a     tight     grid     of     pale     blue     neon.     In     the
nonspace   of   the   matrix,   the   interior   of   a   given   data   construct   possessed
unlimited  subjective  dimension;  a  child's  toy  calculator,  accessed  through
Case's   Sendai,   would   have   presented   limitless   gulfs   of   nothingness   hung
with a few basic commands. Case began to key the sequence the Finn had
purchased  from  a  mid-eschelon  sarariman  with  severe  drug  problems.  He
began to glide through the spheres as if he were on invisible tracks.

Here. This one.

Punching his way into the sphere, chill blue neon vault above him starless
and smooth as frosted glass, he triggered a subprogram that effected certain
alterations in the core custodial commands.