"Well,  good  luck,"  the  Finn  said.  He  turned,  hands  in  pockets  and  began
trudging back up the green arch.

"Hey,  asshole,"  the  Flatline  said,  when  the  Finn  had  gone  a  dozen  paces.
The figure paused, half turned. "What about me? What about my payoff?"

"You'll get yours," it said.

"What's   that   mean?"   Case   asked,   as   he   watched   the   narrow   tweed   back
recede.

"I wanna be erased," the construct said. "I told you that, remember?"

Straylight  reminded  Case  of  deserted  early  morning  shopping  centers  he'd
known  as  a  teenager,  low-density  places  where  the  small  hours  brought  a
fitful stillness, a kind of numb expectancy, a tension that left you watching
insects  swarm  around  caged  bulbs  above  the  entrance  of  darkened  shops.
Fringe places, just past the borders of the Sprawl, too far from the all-night
click   and   shudder   of   the   hot   core.   There   was   that   same   sense   of   being
surrounded by the sleeping inhabitants of a waking world he had no interest
in  visiting  or  knowing,  of  dull  business  temporarily  suspended,  of  futility
and repetition soon to wake again.

Molly had slowed now, either knowing that she was nearing her goal or out
of  concern  for  her  leg.  The  pain  was  starting  to  work  its  jagged  way  back
through   the   endorphins,   and   he   wasn't   sure   what   that   meant.   She   didn't
speak, kept her teeth clenched, and carefully regulated her breathing. She'd
passed many things that Case hadn't understood, but his curiosity was gone.
There had been a room filled with shelves of books, a million flat leaves of
yellowing  paper  pressed  between  bindings  of  cloth  or  leather,  the  shelves
marked at intervals by labels that followed a code of letters and numbers; a
crowded gallery where Case had stared, through Molly's incurious eyes, at a
shattered, dust-stenciled sheet of glass, a thing labeled -her gaze had tracked
the   brass   plaque   automatically   -_"La   marie   mise   nu   par   ses   clibataires,
mme.'_    She'd    reached    out    and    touched    this,    her    artificial    nails    clicking
against   the   Lexan   sandwich   protecting   the   broken   glass.   There   had   been
what was obviously the entrance to Tessier-Ashpool's cryogenic compound,
circular doors of black glass trimmed with chrome.