They were attached to the spindle now, rotating with it.

Maelcum spread his arms, flexed tension from his shoulders, and removed
his  purple  dreadbag,  shaking  out  his  locks.  "Come  now,  mon,  if  you  seh
time be mos'~ precious."

19

The Villa Straylight was a parasitic structure, Case reminded himself, as he
stepped  past  the  tendrils  of  caulk  and  through  _Marcus  Garvey_'s  forward
hatch. Straylight bled air and water out of Freeside, and had no ecosystem
of its own.

The gangway tube the dock had extended was a more elaborate version of
the  one  he'd  tumbled  through  to  reach  _Haniwa,_  designed  for  use  in  the
spindle's     rotation     gravity.     A     corrugated     tunnel,     articulated     by     integral
hydraulic   members,   each   segment   ringed   with   a   loop   of   tough,   nonslip
plastic, the loops serving as the rungs of a ladder. The gangway had snaked
its   way   around   _Haniwa;_   it   was   horizontal,   where   it   joined   _Garvey_'s
lock,   but   curved   up   sharply   and   to   the   left,   a   vertical   climb   around   the
curvature of the yacht's hull. Maelcum was already making his way up the
rings, pulling himself up with his left hand, the Remington in his right. He
wore a stained pair of baggy fatigues, his sleeveless green nylon jacket, and
a pair of ragged canvas sneakers with bright red soles. The gangway shifted
slightly, each time he climbed to another ring.

The clips on Case's makeshift strap dug into his shoulder with the weight of
the   Ono-Sendai   and   the   Flatline's   construct.   All   he   felt   now   was   fear,   a
generalized dread. He pushed it away, forcing himself to replay Armitage's
lecture  on  the  spindle  and  Villa  Straylight.  He  started  climbing.  Freeside's
ecosystem  was  limited,  not  closed.  Zion  was  a  closed  system,  capable  of
cycling   for   years   without   the   introduction   of   external   materials.   Freeside
produced its own air and water, but relied on constant shipments of food, on
the   regular   augmentation   of   soil   nutrients.   The   Villa   Straylight   produced
nothing at all.