"Or an AI." He sighed. "Can we run it?"

"Sure," the construct said, "unless you got a morbid fear of dying."

"Sometimes you repeat yourself, man."

"It's my nature."

Molly was sleeping when he returned to the Intercontinental. He sat on the
balcony and watched a microlight with rainbow polymer wings as it soared
up   the   curve   of   Freeside,   its   triangular   shadow   tracking   across   meadows
and     rooftops,     until     it     vanished     behind     the     band     of     the     Lado-Acheson
system.

"I wanna buzz," he said to the blue artifice of the sky. "I truly do wanna get
high,    you    know?    Trick    pancreas,    plugs    in    my    liver,    little    bags    of    shit
melting, fuck it all. I wanna buzz."

He   left   without   waking   Molly,   he   thought.   He   was   never   sure,   with   the
glasses.  He  shrugged  tension  from  his  shoulders  and  got  into  the  elevator.
He   rode   up   with   an   Italian   girl   in   spotless   whites,   cheekbones   and   nose
daubed with something black and nonreflective. Her white nylon shoes had
steel   cleats;   the   expensive-looking   thing   in   her   hand   resembled   a   cross
between  a  miniature  oar  and  an  orthopedic  brace.  She  was  off  for  a  fast
game of something, but Case had no idea what.

On   the   roof   meadow,   he   made   his   way   through   the   grove   of   trees   and
umbrellas,  until  he  found  a  pool,  naked  bodies  gleaming  against  turquoise
tiles. He edged into the shadow of an awning and pressed his chip against a
dark glass plate. "Sushi," he said, "whatever you got." Ten minutes later, an
enthusiastic   Chinese   waiter   arrived   with   his   food.   He   munched   raw   tuna
and rice and watched people tan. "Christ," he said, to his tuna, "I'd go nuts."

"Don't tell me," someone said, "I know it already. You're a gangster, right?"

He  squinted  up  at  her,  against  the  band  of  sun.  A  long  young  body  and  a
melanin-boosted tan, but not one of the Paris jobs.