throat was dry. He drank the last of the wine.

Riviera   was   in   the   bed   now,   naked.   His   clothing   had   been   a   part   of   the
projection,    but    Case    couldn't    remember    seeing    it    fade    away.    The    black
flower  lay  at  the  foot  of  the  bed,  still  seething  with  its  blue  inner  flame.
Then  the  torso  formed,  as  Riviera  caressed  it  into  being,  white,  headless,
and perfect, sheened with the faintest gloss of sweat.

Molly's   body.   Case   stared,   his   mouth   open.   But   it   wasn't   Molly;   it   was
Molly as Riviera imagined her. The breasts were wrong, the nipples larger,
too    dark.    Riviera    and    the    limbless    torso    writhed    together    on    the    bed,
crawled  over  by  the  hands  with  their  bright  nails.  The  bed  was  thick  now
with folds of yellowed, rotting lace that crumbled at a touch. Motes of dust
boiled   around   Riviera   and   the   twitching   limbs,   the   scurrying,   pinching,
caressing hands.

Case     glanced     at     Molly.     Her     face     was     blank;     the     colors     of     Riviera's
projection heaved and turned in her mirrors. Armitage was leaning forward,
his  hands  round  the  stem  of  a  wineglass,  his  pale  eyes  fixed  on  the  stage,
the glowing room.

Now  limbs  and  torso  had  merged,  and  Riviera  shuddered.  The  head  was
there, the image complete. Molly's face, with smooth quicksilver drowning
the   eyes.   Riviera   and   the   Molly   image   began   to   couple   with   a   renewed
intensity.  Then  the  image  slowly  extended  a  clawed  hand  and  extruded  its
five   blades.   With   a   languorous,   dreamlike   deliberation,   it   raked   Riviera's
bare back. Case caught a glimpse of exposed spine, but he was already up
and stumbling for the door.

He    vomited    over    a    rosewood    railing    into    the    quiet    waters    of    the    lake.
Something that had seemed to close around his head like a vise had released
him  now.  Kneeling,  his  cheek  against  the  cool  wood,  he  stared  across  the
shallow lake at the bright aura of the Rue Jules Verne.

Case had seen the medium before; when he'd been a teenager in the Sprawl,
they'd called it, "dreaming real." He remembered thin Puerto Ricans under
East Side streetlights, dreaming real to the quick beat of a salsa, dreamgirls