They'd  each  had  a  dozen  beers,  the  afternoon  a  wasp  stung  Marlene.  "Kill
the fuckers," she said, her eyes dull with rage and the still heat of the room,
"burn  'em."  Drunk,  Case  rummaged  in  the  sour  closet  for  Rollo's  dragon.
Rollo     was     Marlene's     previous     -and,     Case     suspected     at     the     time,     still
occasional -boyfriend, an enormous Frisco biker with a blond lightning bolt
bleached  into  his  dark  crewcut.  The  dragon  was  a  Frisco  flamethrower,  a
thing like a fat anglehead flashlight. Case checked the batteries, shook it to
make   sure   he   had   enough   fuel,   and   went   to   the   open   window.   The   hive
began to buzz.

The  air  in  the  Sprawl  was  dead,  immobile.  A  wasp  shot  from  the  nest  and
circled   Case's   head.   Case   pressed   the   ignition   switch,   counted   three,   and
pulled   the   trigger.   The   fuel,   pumped   up   to   100   psi,   sprayed   out   past   the
white-hot coil. A five-meter tongue of pale fire, the nest charring, tumbling.
Across the alley, someone cheered.

"Shit!"  Marlene  behind  him,  swaying.  "Stupid!  You  didn't  burn  'em.  You
just knocked it off. They'll come up here and kill us!" Her voice sawing at
his nerves, he imagined her engulfed in flame, her bleached hair sizzling a
special green.

In  the  alley,  the  dragon  in  hand,  he  approached  the  blackened  nest.  It  had
broken open. Singed wasps wrenched and flipped on the asphalt.

He saw the thing the shell of gray paper had concealed.

Horror. The spiral birth factory, stepped terraces of the hatching cells, blind
jaws   of   the   unborn   moving   ceaselessly,   the   staged   progress   from   egg   to
larva, near-wasp, wasp. In his mind's eye, a kind of time-lapse photography
took  place,  revealing  the  thing  as  the  biological  equivalent  of  a  machine
gun,   hideous   in   its   perfection.   Alien.   He   pulled   the   trigger,   forgetting   to
press the ignition, and fuel hissed over the bulging, writhing life at his feet.

When he did hit the ignition, it exploded with a thump, taking an eyebrow
with  it.  Five  floors  above  him,  from  the  open  window,  he  heard  Marlene
laughing.