blood, razored sheets of light bisecting his skull at a dozen angles.

And then he was frozen, erect, fists tight against his thighs, head back, his
lips  curled,  shaking.  While  he  watched  the  loser's  zodiac  of  Freeside,  the
nightclub  constellations  of  the  hologram  sky,  shift,  sliding  fluid  down  the
axis of darkness, to swarm like live things at the dead center of reality. Until
they had arranged themselves, individually and in their hundreds, to form a
vast  simple  portrait,  stippled  the  ultimate  monochrome,  stars  against  night
sky. Face of Miss Linda Lee.

When  he  was  able  to  look  away,  to  lower  his  eyes,  he  found  every  other
face in the street upraised, the strolling tourists becalmed with wonder. And
when   the   lights   in   the   sky   went   out,   a   ragged   cheer   went   up   from   Jules
Verne, to echo off the terraces and ranked balconies of lunar concrete.

Somewhere a clock began to chime, some ancient bell out of Europe.

Midnight.

He walked till morning.

The high wore away, the chromed skeleton corroding hourly, flesh growing
solid, the drug-flesh replaced with the meat of his life. He couldn't think. He
liked  that  very  much,  to  be  conscious  and  unable  to  think.  He  seemed  to
become each thing he saw: a park bench, a cloud of white moths around an
antique    streetlight,    a    robot    gardener    striped    diagonally    with    black    and
yellow.

A recorded dawn crept along the Lado-Acheson system, pink and lurid. He
forced  himself  to  eat  an  omelette  in  a  Desiderata  cafe,  to  drink  water,  to
smoke the last of his cigarettes. The rooftop meadow of the Intercontinental
was stirring as he crossed it, an early breakfast crowd intent on coffee and
croissants beneath the striped umbrellas.

He still had his anger. That was like being rolled in some alley and waking
to discover your wallet still in your pocket, untouched. He warmed himself
with it, unable to give it a name or an object.