one   grain   of   night   seeping   in,   drawn   by   the   cold...   Others   following   it,
filling  my  head  the  way  rain  fills  an  empty  pool.  Calla  lilies.  I  remember.
The  pools  were  terracotta,  nursemaids  all  of  chrome,  how  the  limbs  went
winking through the gardens at sunset... I'm old, Molly. Over two hundred
years, if you count the cold. The cold." The barrel of the pistol snapped up
suddenly,  quivering.  The  tendons  in  her  thighs  were  drawn  tight  as  wires
now.

"You can get freezerburn," she said carefully.

"Nothing    burns    there,"    he    said    impatiently,    lowering    the    gun.    His    few
movements   were   increasingly   sclerotic.   His   head   nodded.   It   cost   him   an
effort  to  stop  it.  "Nothing  burns.  I  remember  now.  The  cores  told  me  our
intelligences   are   mad.   And   all   the   billions   we   paid,   so   long   ago.   When
artificial  intelligences  were  rather  a  racy  concept.  I  told  the  cores  I'd  deal
with   it.   Bad   timing,   really,   with   8Jean   down   in   Melbourne   and   only   our
sweet  3Jane  minding  the  store.  Or  very  good  timing,  perhaps.  Would  you
know, Molly?" The gun rose again. "There are some odd things afoot now,
in the Villa Straylight."

"Boss," she asked him, "you know Wintermute?"

"A name. Yes. To conjure with, perhaps. A lord of hell, surely. In my time,
dear Molly, I have known many lords. And not a few ladies. Why, a queen
of  Spain,  once,  in  that  very  bed...  But  I  wander."  He  coughed  wetly,  the
muzzle of the pistol jerking as he convulsed. He spat on the carpet near his
one bare foot. "How I do wander. Through the cold. But soon no more. I'd
ordered a Jane thawed, when I woke. Strange, to lie every few decades with
what  legally  amounts  to  one's  own  daughter."  His  gaze  swept  past  her,  to
the rack of blank monitors. He seemed to shiver. "Marie-France's eyes ," he
said, faintly, and smiled. "We cause the brain to become allergic to certain
of  its  own  neurotransmitters,  resulting  in  a  peculiarly  pliable  imitation  of
autism." His head swayed sideways, recovered. "I understand that the effect
is now more easily obtained with an embedded microchip."

The pistol slid from his fingers, bounced on the carpet.