"No,  mon,  this  a  real  one."  Maelcum  came  up  out  of  his  crouch  with  the
Remington pointed at the Eurasian's face. "You move it."

They    followed    the    man    back    through    the    door,    into    a    corridor    whose
polished   concrete   walls   and   irregular   floor   of   overlapping   carpets   were
perfectly  familiar  to  Case.  "Pretty  rugs,"  Maelcum  said,  prodding  the  man
in the back. "Smell like church."

They came to another monitor, an antique Sony, this one mounted above a
console with a keyboard and a complex array of jack panels. The screen lit
as  they  halted,  the  Finn  grinning  tensely  out  at  them  from  what  seemed  to
be  the  front  room  of  Metro  Holografix.  "Okay,"  he  said,  "Maelcum  takes
this guy down the corridor to the open locker door, sticks him in there, I'll
lock   it.   Case,   you   want   the   fifth   socket   from   the   left,   top   panel.   There's
adaptor  plugs  in  the  cabinet  under  the  console.  Needs  Ono-Sendai  twenty-
point into Hitachi forty." As Maelcum nudged his captive along, Case knelt
and fumbled through an assortment of plugs, finally coming up with the one
he needed. With his deck jacked into the adaptor, he paused.

"Do you have to look like that, man?" he asked the face on the screen. The
Finn was erased a line at a time by the image of Lonny Zone against a wall
of peeling Japanese posters.

"Anything you want, baby," Zone drawled, "just hop it for Lonny..."

"No," Case said, "use the Finn." As the Zone image vanished, he shoved the
Hitachi adaptor into its socket and settled the trodes across his forehead.

"What kept you?" the Flatline asked, and laughed.

"Told you don't do that," Case said.

"Joke,  boy,"  the  construct  said,  "zero  time  lapse  for  me.  Lemme  see  what
we got here..."

The  Kuang  program  was  green,  exactly  the  shade  of  the  T-A  ice.  Even  as
Case  watched,  it  grew  gradually  more  opaque,  although  he  could  see  the
black-mirrored  shark  thing  clearly  when  he  looked  up.  The  fracture  lines