He    woke    with    the    impression    of    light    fading,    but    the    room    was    dark.
Afterimages, retinal flares. The sky outside hinted at the start of a recorded
dawn. There were no voices now, only the rush of water, far down the face
of the Intercontinental.

In the dream, just before he'd drenched the nest with fuel, he'd seen the T-A
logo of Tessier-Ashpool neatly embossed into its side, as though the wasps
themselves had worked it there.

Molly insisted on coating him with bronzer, saying his Sprawl pallor would
attract too much attention.

"Christ," he said, standing naked in front of the mirror, "you think that looks
real?"  She  was  using  the  last  of  the  tube  on  his  left  ankle,  kneeling  beside
him.

"Nah, but it looks like you care enough to fake it. There. There isn't enough
to   do   your   foot."   She   stood,   tossing   the   empty   tube   into   a   large   wicker
basket. Nothing in the room looked as though it had been machine-made or
produced from synthetics. Expensive, Case knew, but it was a style that had
always     irritated     him.     The     temperfoam     of     the     huge     bed     was     tinted     to
resemble sand. There was a lot of pale wood and handwoven fabric.

"What about you," he said, "you gonna dye yourself brown? Don't exactly
look like you spend all your time sunbathing."

She wore loose black silks and black espadrilles. "I'm an exotic. I got a big
straw   hat   for   this,   too.   You,   you   just   wanna   look   like   a   cheap-ass   hood
who's up for what he can get, so the instant tan's okay."

Case regarded his pallid foot morosely, then looked at himself in the mirror.
"Christ. You mind if I get dressed now?" He went to the bed and began to
pull his jeans on. "You sleep okay? You notice any lights?"

"You were dreaming," she said.

They had breakfast on the roof of the hotel, a kind of meadow, studded with
striped  umbrellas  and  what  seemed  to  Case  an  unnatural  number  of  trees.