There seemed to be a city, beyond the curve of beach, but it was far away.

He  crouched  on  his  haunches  on  the  damp  sand,  his  arms  wrapped  tight
across his knees, and shook.

He    stayed    that    way    for    what    seemed    a    very    long    time,    even    after    the
shaking stopped. The city, if it was a city, was low and gray. At times it was
obscured by banks of mist that came rolling in over the lapping surf. At one
point    he    decided    that    it    wasn't    a    city    at    all,    but    some    single    building,
perhaps  a  ruin;  he  had  no  way  of  judging  its  distance.  The  sand  was  the
shade   of   tarnished   silver   that   hadn't   gone   entirely   black.   The   beach   was
made of sand, the beach was very long, the sand was damp, the bottoms of
his  jeans  were  wet  from  the  sand...  He  held  himself  and  rocked,  singing  a
song without words or tune.

The  sky  was  a  different  silver.  Chiba.  Like  the  Chiba  sky.  Tokyo  Bay?  He
turned his head and stared out to sea, longing for the hologram logo of Fuji
Electric, for the drone of a helicopter, anything at all.

Behind him, a gull cried. He shivered.

A wind was rising. Sand stung his cheek. He put his face against his knees
and  wept,  the  sound  of  his  sobbing  as  distant  and  alien  as  the  cry  of  the
searching gull. Hot urine soaked his jeans, dribbled on the sand, and quickly
cooled   in   the   wind   off   the   water.   When   his   tears   were   gone,   his   throat
ached.

"Wintermute," he mumbled to his knees, "Wintermute..."

It  was  growing  dark,  now,  and  when  he  shivered,  it  was  with  a  cold  that
finally forced him to stand.

His knees and elbows ached. His nose was running; he wiped it on the cuff
of his jacket, then searched one empty pocket after another. "Jesus," he said,
shoulders     hunched,     tucking     his     fingers     beneath     his     arms     for     warmth.
"Jesus." His teeth began to chatter.