She was stirring the embers with a length of silvered wood. "Who was that,
Case,  up  in  your  coffin  in  Cheap  Hotel?  Flash  samurai  with  those  silver
shades,  black  leather.  Scared  me,  and  after,  I  figured  maybe  she  was  your
new  girl,  'cept  she  looked  like  more  money  than  you  had..."  She  glanced
back at him. "I'm real sorry I stole your RAM."

"Never mind," he said. "Doesn't mean anything. So you just took it over to
this guy and had him access it for you?"

"Tony,"  she  said.  "I'd  been  seein'~  him,  kinda.  He  had  a  habit  an'~  we...
anyway, yeah, I remember him running it by on this monitor, and it was this
real amazing graphics stuff, and I remember wonderin'~ how you --"

"There wasn't any graphics in there," he interrupted.

"Sure was. I just couldn't figure how you'd have all those pictures of when I
was _little,_ Case. How my daddy looked, before he left. Gimme this duck
one time, painted wood, and you had a picture of _that...'_

"Tony see it?"

"I don't remember. Next thing, I was on the beach, real early, sunrise, those
birds    all    yellin'~    so    lonely.    Scared    'cause    I    didn't    have    a    shot    on    me,
nothin'~, an'~ I knew I'd be gettin'~ sick... An'~ I walked an'~ walked, 'til it
was   dark,   an'~   found   this   place,   an'~   next   day   the   food   washed   in,   all
tangled  in  the  green  sea  stuff  like  leaves  of  hard  jelly."  She  slid  her  stick
into  the  embers  and  left  it  there.  "Never  did  get  sick,"  she  said,  as  embers
crawled.  "Missed  cigarettes  more.  How  'bout  you,  Case?  You  still  wired?"
Firelight    dancing    under    her    cheekbones,    remembered    flash    of    Wizard's
Castle and Tank War Europa.

"No," he said, and then it no longer mattered, what he knew, tasting the salt
of  her  mouth  where  tears  had  dried.  There  was  a  strength  that  ran  in  her,
something he'd known in Night City and held there, been held by it, held for
a  while  away  from  time  and  death,  from  the  relentless  Street  that  hunted
them  all.  It  was  a  place  he'd  known  before;  not  everyone  could  take  him
there, and somehow he always managed to forget it. Something he'd found
and   lost   so   many   times.   It   belonged,   he   knew   -he   remembered   -as   she