"Hideo gave it to me," she said. "He tried to show me how, but I can't ever
get  it  right.  The  necks  come  out  backwards."  She  tucked  the  folded  paper
back  into  her  purse.  Case  watched  as  she  tore  the  bubble  away,  peeled  the
derm from its backing, and smoothed it across his inner wrist.

"3Jane,  she's  got  a  pointy  face,  nose  like  a  bird?"  He  watched  his  hands
fumble an outline. "Dark hair? Young?"

"I guess. But she's _triff,_ you know? Like, all that money."

The     drug     hit     him     like     an     express     train,     a     white-hot     column     of     light
mounting his spine from the region of his prostate, illuminating the sutures
of  his  skull  with  x-rays  of  short-circuited  sexual  energy.  His  teeth  sang  in
their  individual  sockets  like  tuning  forks,  each  one  pitch-perfect  and  clear
as  ethanol.  His  bones,  beneath  the  hazy  envelope  of  flesh,  were  chromed
and polished, the joints lubricated with a film of silicone. Sandstorms raged
across  the  scoured  floor  of  his  skull,  generating  waves  of  high  thin  static
that broke behind his eyes, spheres of purest crystal, expanding...

"Come  on,"  she  said,  taking  his  hand.  "You  got  it  now.  We  got  it.  Up  the
hill, we'll have it all night."

The   anger   was   expanding,   relentless,   exponential,   riding   out   behind   the
betaphenethylamine    rush    like    a    carrier    wave,    a    seismic    fluid,    rich    and
corrosive.    His    erection    was    a    bar    of    lead.    The    faces    around    them    in
Emergency   were   painted   doll   things,   the   pink   and   white   of   mouth   parts
moving,    moving,    words    emerging    like    discrete    balloons    of    sound.    He
looked   at   Cath   and   saw   each   pore   in   the   tanned   skin,   eyes   flat   as   dumb
glass, a tint of dead metal, a faint bloating, the most minute asymmetries of
breast and collarbone, the -something flared white behind his eyes.

He dropped her hand and stumbled for the door, shoving someone out of the
way.

"Fuck you!" she screamed behind him, "you ripoff shit!"

He couldn't feel his legs. He used them like stilts, swaying crazily across the
flagstone  pavement  of  Jules  Verne,  a  distant  rumbling  in  his  ears,  his  own