"Tell her five more and ten to her left, Brood," Case said.

"Five more and ten left, Cat Mother," the link man said.

She took the left. A white-faced librarian cowered between two lockers, her
cheeks     wet,     eyes     blank.     Molly     ignored     her.     Case     wondered     what     the
Moderns had done to provoke that level of terror. He knew it had something
to do with a hoaxed threat, but he'd been too involved with his ice to follow
Molly's explanation.

"That's it," Case said, but she'd already stopped in front of the cabinet that
held  the  construct.  Its  lines  reminded  Case  of  the  Neo-Aztec  bookcases  in
Julie Deane's anteroom in Chiba.

"Do it, Cutter," Molly said.

Case flipped to cyberspace and sent a command pulsing down the crimson
thread     that     pierced     the     library     ice.     Five     separate     alarm     systems     were
convinced      that      they      were      still      operative.      The      three      elaborate      locks
deactivated,     but     considered     themselves     to     have     remained     locked.     The
library's central bank suffered a minute shift in its permanent memory: the
construct had been removed, per executive order, a month before. Checking
for   the   authorization   to   remove   the   construct,   a   librarian   would   find   the
records erased.

The door swung open on silent hinges.

"0467839," Case said, and Molly drew a black storage unit from the rack. It
resembled  the  magazine  of  a  large  assault  rifle,  its  surfaces  covered  with
warning decals and security ratings.

Molly closed the locker door; Case flipped.

He   withdrew   the   line   through   the   library   ice.   It   whipped   back   into   his
program,   automatically   triggering   a   full   system   reversal.   The   Sense/Net
gates  snapped  past  him  as  he  backed  out,  subprograms  whirling  back  into
the   core   of   the   icebreaker   as   he   passed   the   gates   where   they   had   been
stationed.    "Out,    Brood,"    he    said,    and    slumped    in    his    chair.    After    the