was  working  on  a  central  panel  with  a  clumsy-looking  zero-g  wrench,  the
thing's      fat      countersprings      twanging      as      he      removed      another      hexhead.
_Marcus Garvey_ was groaning and ticking with g-stress.

"The Mute takin'~ I an'~ I dock," the Zionite said, popping the hexhead into
a mesh pouch at his waist. "Maelcum pilot th'~ landin'~, meantime need we
tool f'~ th'~ job."

"You  keep  tools  back  there?"  Case  craned  his  neck  and  watched  cords  of
muscle bunching in the brown back.

"This   one,"   Maelcum   said,   sliding   a   long   bundle   wrapped   in   black   poly
from the space behind the panel. He replaced the panel, along with a single
hexhead  to  hold  it  in  place.  The  black  package  had  drifted  aft  before  he'd
finished. He thumbed open the vacuum valves on the workbelt's gray pads
and freed himself, retrieving the thing he'd removed.

He   kicked   back,   gliding   over   his   instruments   -a   green   docking   diagram
pulsed  on  his  central  screen  -and  snagged  the  frame  of  Case's  g-web.  He
pulled  himself  down  and  picked  at  the  tape  of  his  package  with  a  thick,
chipped thumbnail. "Some man in China say th'~ truth comes out this," he
said,    unwrapping    an    ancient,    oilslick    Remington    automatic    shotgun,    its
barrel chopped off a few millimeters in front of the battered forestock. The
shoulderstock had been removed entirely, replaced with a wooden pistolgrip
wound with dull black tape. He smelled of sweat and ganja.

"That the only one you got?"

"Sure, mon," he said, wiping oil from the black barrel with a red cloth, the
black   poly   wrapping   bunched   around   the   pistolgrip   in   his   other   hand,   "I
an'~ I th'~ Rastafarian navy, believe it."

Case pulled the trodes down across his forehead. He'd never bothered to put
the  Texas  catheter  back  on,  at  least  he  could  take  a  real  piss  in  the  Villa
Straylight, even if it was his last.

He jacked in.