And    then    it    was    there,    a    glow,    defining    itself    with    his    every    step.    A
rectangle. A door.

"Fire in there," he said, his words torn away by the wind.

It  was  a  bunker,  stone  or  concrete,  buried  in  drifts  of  the  dark  sand.  The
doorway was low, narrow, doorless, and deep, set into a wall at least a meter
thick.  "Hey,"  Case  said,  softly,  "hey..."  His  fingers  brushed  the  cold  wall.
There was a fire, in there, shifting shadows on the sides of the entrance.

He ducked low and was through, inside, in three steps.

A girl was crouched beside rusted steel, a sort of fireplace, where driftwood
burned, the wind sucking smoke up a dented chimney. The fire was the only
light,    and    as    his    gaze    met    the    wide,    startled    eyes,    he    recognized    her
headband, a rolled scarf, printed with a pattern like magnified circuitry.

He refused her arms, that night, refused the food she offered him, the place
beside  her  in  the  nest  of  blankets  and  shredded  foam.  He  crouched  beside
the   door,   finally,   and   watched   her   sleep,   listening   to   the   wind   scour   the
structure's  walls.  Every  hour  or  so,  he  rose  and  crossed  to  the  makeshift
stove, adding fresh driftwood from the pile beside it. None of this was real,
but cold was cold.

She  wasn't  real,  curled  there  on  her  side  in  the  firelight.  He  watched  her
mouth, the lips parted slightly. She was the girl he remembered from their
trip across the Bay, and that was cruel.

"Mean, motherfucker," he whispered to the wind. "Don't take a chance, do
you? Wouldn't give me any junkie, huh? I know what this is..." He tried to
keep  the  desperation  from  his  voice.  "I  know,  see?  I  know  who  you  are.
You're      the      other      one.      3Jane      told      Molly.      Burning      bush.      That      wasn't
Wintermute, it was you. He tried to warn me off with the Braun. Now you
got me flatlined, you got me here. Nowhere. With a ghost. Like I remember
her before..."

She  stirred  in  her  sleep,  called  something  out,  drawing  a  scrap  of  blanket
across her shoulder and cheek.