Case blinked up at the smiling mask.

"You have time to do what I'm hiring you for, Case, but that's all. Do the job
and  I  can  inject  you  with  an  enzyme  that  will  dissolve  the  bond  without
opening the sacs. Then you'll need a blood change. Otherwise, the sacs melt
and  you're  back  where  I  found  you.  So  you  see,  Case,  you  need  us.  You
need us as badly as you did when we scraped you up from the gutter."

Case looked at Molly. She shrugged.

"Now   go   down   to   the   freight   elevator   and   bring   up   the   cases   you   find
there."  Armitage  handed  him  the  magnetic  key.  "Go  on.  You'll  enjoy  this,
Case. Like Christmas morning."

Summer  in  the  Sprawl,  the  mall  crowds  swaying  like  windblown  grass,  a
field of flesh shot through with sudden eddies of need and gratification.

He    sat    beside    Molly    in    filtered    sunlight    on    the    rim    of    a    dry    concrete
fountain,  letting  the  endless  stream  of  faces  recapitulate  the  stages  of  his
life. First a child with hooded eyes, a street boy, hands relaxed and ready at
his sides; then a teenager, face smooth and cryptic beneath red glasses. Case
remembered  fighting  on  a  rooftop  at  seventeen,  silent  combat  in  the  rose
glow of the dawn geodesics.

He shifted on the concrete, feeling it rough and cool through the thin black
denim.  Nothing  here  like  the  electric  dance  of  Ninsei.  This  was  different
commerce,  a  different  rhythm,  in  the  smell  of  fast  food  and  perfume  and
fresh summer sweat.

With    his    deck    waiting,    back    in    the    loft,    an    Ono-Sendai    Cyberspace    7.
They'd   left   the   place   littered   with   the   abstract   white   forms   of   the   foam
packing units, with crumpled plastic film and hundreds of tiny foam beads.
The   Ono-Sendai;   next   year's   most   expensive   Hosaka   computer;   a   Sony
monitor;     a     dozen     disks     of     corporate-grade     ice;     a     Braun     coffeemaker.
Armitage had only waited for Case's approval of each piece.

"Where'd he go?" Case had asked Molly.