"Case,  you  take  off,"  she  said,  and  he  hit  the  switch,  instantly  back  in  the
matrix. Ghost impressions of the software complex hung for a few seconds
in the buzzing calm of cyberspace.

"Panther    Moderns,"    he    said    to    the    Hosaka,    removing    the    trodes.    "Five
minute precis."

"Ready," the computer said.

It   wasn't   a   name   he   knew.   Something   new,   something   that   had   come   in
since he'd been in Chiba. Fads swept the youth of the Sprawl at the speed of
light: entire subcultures could rise overnight, thrive for a dozen weeks, and
then   vanish   utterly.   "Go,"   he   said.   The   Hosaka   had   accessed   its   array   of
libraries, journals, and news services.

The precis began with a long hold on a color still that Case at first assumed
was  a  collage  of  some  kind,  a  boy's  face  snipped  from  another  image  and
glued to a photograph of a paint-scrawled wall. Dark eyes, epicanthic folds
obviously the result of surgery, an angry dusting of acne across pale narrow
cheeks.  The  Hosaka  released  the  freeze;  the  boy  moved,  flowing  with  the
sinister  grace  of  a  mime  pretending  to  be  a  jungle  predator.  His  body  was
nearly  invisible,  an  abstract  pattern  approximating  the  scribbled  brickwork
sliding smoothly across his tight onepiece. Mimetic polycarbon.

Cut   to   Dr.~   Virginia   Rambali,   Sociology,   NYU,   her   name,   faculty,   and
school pulsing across the screen in pink alphanumerics.

"Given their penchant for these random acts of surreal violence," someone
said, "it may be difficult for our viewers to understand why you continue to
insist that this phenomenon isn't a form of terrorism."

Dr.~ Rambali smiled. "There is always a point at which the terrorist ceases
to  manipulate  the  media  gestalt.  A  point  at  which  the  violence  may  well
escalate,   but   beyond   which   the   terrorist   has   become   symptomatic   of   the
media    gestalt    itself.    Terrorism    as    we    ordinarily    understand    it    is    inately
media-related. The Panther Moderns differ from other terrorists precisely in
their degree of self-consciousness, in their awareness of the extent to which
media divorce the act of terrorism from the original sociopolitical intent..."