It  took  a  month  for  the  gestalt  of  drugs  and  tension  he  moved  through  to
turn    those    perpetually    startled    eyes    into    wells    of    reflexive    need.    He'd
watched her personality fragment, calving like an iceberg, splinters drifting
away, and finally he'd seen the raw need, the hungry armature of addiction.
He'd watched her track the next hit with a concentration that reminded him
of the mantises they sold in stalls along Shiga, beside tanks of blue mutant
carp and crickets caged in bamboo.

He  stared  at  the  black  ring  of  grounds  in  his  empty  cup.  It  was  vibrating
with the speed he'd taken. The brown laminate of the tabletop was dull with
a patina of tiny scratches. With the dex mounting through his spine he saw
the   countless   random   impacts   required   to   create   a   surface   like   that.   The
Jarre was decorated in a dated, nameless style from the previous century, an
uneasy     blend     of     Japanese     traditional     and     pale     Milanese     plastics,     but
everything   seemed   to   wear   a   subtle   film,   as   though   the   bad   nerves   of   a
million  customers  had  somehow  attacked  the  mirrors  and  the  once  glossy
plastics,  leaving  each  surface  fogged  with  something  that  could  never  be
wiped away.

"Hey. Case, good buddy..."

He looked up, met gray eyes ringed with paintstick. She was wearing faded
French orbital fatigues and new white sneakers.

"I been lookin'~ for you, man." She took a seat opposite him, her elbows on
the    table.    The    sleeves    of    the    blue    zipsuit    had    been    ripped    out    at    the
shoulders;   he   automatically   checked   her   arms   for   signs   of   derms   or   the
needle. "Want a cigarette?"

She   dug   a   crumpled   pack   of   Yeheyuan   filters   from   an   ankle   pocket   and
offered  him  one.  He  took  it,  let  her  light  it  with  a  red  plastic  tube.  "You
sleepin'~  okay,  Case?  You  look  tired."  Her  accent  put  her  south  along  the
Sprawl,  toward  Atlanta.  The  skin  below  her  eyes  was  pale  and  unhealthy-
looking, but the flesh was still smooth and firm. She was twenty. New lines
of  pain  were  starting  to  etch  themselves  permanently  at  the  corners  of  her
mouth.  Her  dark  hair  was  drawn  back,  held  by  a  band  of  printed  silk.  The
pattern might have represented microcircuits, or a city map.