She'd seen no one since the two Africans and their cart, and for Case they'd
taken  on  a  sort  of  imaginary  life;  he  pictured  them  gliding  gently  through
the  halls  of  Straylight,  their  smooth  dark  skulls  gleaming,  nodding,  while
the one still sang his tired little song. And none of this was anything like the
Villa  Straylight  he  would  have  expected,  some  cross  between  Cath's  fairy
tale  castle  and  a  half-remembered  childhood  fantasy  of  the  Yakuza's  inner
sanctum.

07:02:18.

One and a half hours.

"Case,"  she  said,  "I  wanna  favor."  Stiffly,  she  lowered  herself  to  sit  on  a
stack    of    polished    steel    plates,    the    finish    of    each    plate    protected    by    an
uneven   coating   of   clear   plastic.   She   picked   at   a   rip   in   the   plastic   on   the
topmost plate, blades sliding from beneath thumb and forefinger. "Leg's not
good, you know? Didn't figure any climb like that, and the endorphin won't
cut  it,  much  longer.  So  maybe  -just  maybe,  right?  -I  got  a  problem  here.
What it is, if I buy it here, before Riviera does" -and she stretched her leg,
kneaded the flesh of her thigh through Modern polycarbon and Paris leather
-"I want you to tell him. Tell him it was me. Got it? Just say it was Molly.
He'll know. Okay?" She glanced around the empty hallway, the bare walls.
The  floor  here  was  raw  lunar  concrete  and  the  air  smelled  of  resins.  "Shit,
man, I don't even know if you're listening."

CASE.

She winced, got to her feet, nodded. "What's he told you, man, Wintermute?
He  tell  you  about  Marie-France?  She  was  the  Tessier  half,  3Jane's  genetic
mother.  And  of  that  dead  puppet  of  Ashpool's,  I  guess.  Can't  figure  why
he'd tell me, down in that cubicle... lotta stuff... Why he has to come on like
the Finn or somebody, he told me that. It's not just a mask, it's like he uses
real profiles as valves, gears himself down to communicate with us. Called
it a template. Model of personality." She drew her fletcher and limped away
down the corridor.

The bare steel and scabrous epoxy ended abruptly, replaced by what Case at
first took to be a rough tunnel blasted from solid rock. Molly examined its