Case   lowered   himself   into   the   swivel   chair   in   front   of   the   desk   without
taking his eyes off Deane. He sat with the gun in his hand, resting it on his
thigh.

"Now,"     Deane     said     briskly,     "order     of     the     day.     "What,"     you're     asking
yourself, "is Wintermute?" Am I right?"

"More or less."

"An artificial intelligence, but you know that. Your mistake, and it's quite a
logical   one,   is   in   confusing   the   Wintermute   mainframe,   Berne,   with   the
Wintermute   _entity.'_   Deane   sucked   his   bonbon   noisily.   "You're   already
aware    of    the    other    AI    in    Tessier-Ashpool's    link-up,    aren't    you?    Rio.    I,
insofar as I _have_ an "I" -this gets rather metaphysical, you see -I am the
one who arranges things for Armitage. Or Corto, who, by the way, is quite
unstable.  Stable  enough,"  said  Deane  and  withdrew  an  ornate  gold  watch
from a vest pocket and flicked it open, "for the next day or so."

"You  make  about  as  much  sense  as  anything  in  this  deal  ever  has,"  Case
said,    massaging    his    temples    with    his    free    hand.    "If    you're    so    goddam
smart..."

"Why ain't I rich?" Deane laughed, and nearly choked on his bonbon. "Well,
Case, all I can say to that, and I really don't have nearly as many answers as
you imagine I do, is that what you think of as Wintermute is only a part of
another,   a,   shall   we   say,   _potential_   entity.   I,   let   us   say,   am   merely   one
aspect of that entity's brain. It's rather like dealing, from your point of view,
with a man whose lobes have been severed. Let's say you're dealing with a
small part of the man's left brain. Difficult to say if you're dealing with the
man at all, in a case like that." Deane smiled.

"Is  the  Corto  story  true?  You  got  to  him  through  a  micro  in  that  French
hospital?"

"Yes.  And  I  assembled  the  file  you  accessed  in  London.  I  try  to  plan,  in
your sense of the word, but that isn't my basic mode, really. I improvise. It's
my greatest talent. I prefer situations to plans, you see... Really, I've had to
deal   with   givens.   I   can   sort   a   great   deal   of   information,   and   sort   it   very