Each  time  the  image  of  Deane's  shattered  head  struck  the  rear  wall  of  the
office,  Case  was  aware  of  another  thought,  something  darker,  hidden,  that
rolled away, diving like a fish, just beyond his reach.

Linda.

Deane. Blood on the wall of the importer's office.

Linda.    Smell    of    burnt    flesh    in    the    shadows    of    the    Chiba    dome.    Molly
holding  out  a  bag  of  ginger,  the  plastic  filmed  with  blood.  Deane  had  had
her killed.

Wintermute.  He  imagined  a  little  micro  whispering  to  the  wreck  of  a  man
named  Corto,  the  words  flowing  like  a  river,  the  flat  personality-substitute
called    Armitage    accreting    slowly    in    some    darkened    ward...    The    Deane
analog      had      said      it      worked      with      givens,      took      advantage      of      existing
situations.

But       what       if       Deane,       the       real       Deane,       had       ordered       Linda       killed       on
Wintermute's  orders?  Case  groped  in  the  dark  for  a  cigarette  and  Molly's
lighter. There was no reason to suspect Deane, he told himself, lighting up.
No reason.

Wintermute   could   build   a   kind   of   personality   into   a   shell.   How   subtle   a
form  could  manipulation  take?  He  stubbed  the  Yeheyuan  out  in  a  bedside
ashtray after his third puff, rolled away from Molly, and tried to sleep.

The     dream,     the     memory,     unreeled     with     the     monotony     of     an     unedited
simstim  tape.  He'd  spent  a  month,  his  fifteenth  summer,  in  a  weekly  rates
hotel, fifth floor, with a girl called Marlene. The elevator hadn't worked in a
decade.     Roaches     boiled     across     grayish     porcelain     in     the     drain-plugged
kitchenette   when   you   flicked   a   lightswitch.   He   slept   with   Marlene   on   a
striped mattress with no sheets.

He'd  missed  the  first  wasp,  when  it  built  its  paperfine  gray  house  on  the
blistered paint of the windowframe, but soon the nest was a fist-sized lump
of  fiber,  insects  hurtling  out  to  hunt  the  alley  below  like  miniature  copters
buzzing the rotting contents of the dumpsters.