Ono-Sendai to one of the new worktables and collapsed across the bedslab,
pulling Molly's black silk sleeping bag over his head.

The    security    package    taped    to    the    steel    firedoor    bleeped    twice.    "Entry
requested," it said. "Subject is cleared per my program."

"So   open   it."   Case   pulled   the   silk   from   his   face   and   sat   up   as   the   door
opened, expecting to see Molly or Armitage.

"Christ,"  said  a  hoarse  voice,  "I  know  that  bitch  can  see  in  the  dark..."  A
squat   figure   stepped   in   and   closed   the   door.   "Turn   the   lights   on,   okay?"
Case scrambled off the slab and found the old-fashioned switch.

"I'm the Finn," said the Finn, and made a warning face at Case.

"Case."

"Pleased  to  meecha,  I'm  sure.  I'm  doing  some  hardware  for  your  boss,  it
looks  like."  The  Finn  fished  a  pack  of  Partagas  from  a  pocket  and  lit  one.
The  smell  of  Cuban  tobacco  filled  the  room.  He  crossed  to  the  worktable
and glanced at the Ono Sendai. "Looks stock. Soon fix that. But here's your
problem,   kid."   He   took   a   filthy   manila   envelope   from   inside   his   jacket,
flicked ash on the floor, and extracted a featureless black rectangle from the
envelope.  "Goddamn  factory  prototypes,"  he  said,  tossing  the  thing  down
on the table. "Cast 'em into a block of polycarbon, can't get in with a laser
without  frying  the  works.  Booby-trapped  for  x-ray,  ultrascan,  God  knows
what else. We'll get in, but there's no rest for the wicked, right?" He folded
the envelope with great care and tucked it away in an inside pocket.

"What is it?"

"It's   a   flipflop   switch,   basically.   Wire   it   into   your   Sendai   here,   you   can
access live or recorded simstim without having to jack out of the matrix."

"What for?"

"I haven't got a clue. Know I'm fitting Moll for a broadcast rig, though, so
it's probably her sensorium you'll access." The Finn scratched his chin. "So