She   held   out   her   hands,   palms   up,   the   white   fingers   slightly   spread,   and
with a barely audible click, ten double-edged, fourcentimeter scalpel blades
slid from their housings beneath the burgundy nails.

She smiled. The blades slowly withdrew.

2

After   a   year   of   coffins,   the   room   on   the   twenty-fifth   floor   of   the   Chiba
Hilton seemed enormous. It was ten meters by eight, half of a suite. A white
Braun coffeemaker steamed on a low table by the sliding glass panels that
opened onto a narrow balcony.

"Get  some  coffee  in  you.  Look  like  you  need  it."  She  took  off  her  black
jacket; the fletcher hung beneath her arm in a black nylon shoulder rig. She
wore  a  sleeveless  gray  pullover  with  plain  steel  zips  across  each  shoulder.
Bulletproof. Case decided, slopping coffee into a bright red mug. His arms
and legs felt like they were made out of wood.

"Case."   He   looked   up,   seeing   the   man   for   the   first   time.   "My   name   is
Armitage."  The  dark  robe  was  open  to  the  waist,  the  broad  chest  hairless
and muscular, the stomach flat and hard. Blue eyes so pale they made Case
think of bleach. "Sun's up, Case. This is your lucky day, boy."

Case   whipped   his   arm   sideways   and   the   man   easily   ducked   the   scalding
coffee. Brown stain running down the imitation ricepaper wall. He saw the
angular gold ring through the left lobe. Special Forces. The man smiled.

"Get   your   coffee,   Case,"   Molly   said.   "You   re   okay,   but   you're   not   going
anywhere 'til Armitage has his say." She sat crosslegged on a silk futon and
began to fieldstrip the fletcher without bothering to look at it. Twin mirrors
tracking as he crossed to the table and refilled his cup.

"Too  young  to  remember  the  war,  aren't  you,  Case?"  Armitage  ran  a  large
hand  back  through  his  cropped  brown  hair.  A  heavy  gold  bracelet  flashed
on his wrist. "Leningrad, Kiev, Siberia. We invented you in Siberia, Case."

"What's that supposed to mean?"