"Hey,  Christ,"  the  Finn  said,  taking  Case's  arm,  "looka  that."  He  pointed.
"It's a horse, man. You ever see a horse?"

Case glanced at the embalmed animal and shook his head. It was displayed
on    a    sort    of    pedestal,    near    the    entrance    to    a    place    that    sold    birds    and
monkeys. The thing's legs had been worn black and hairless by decades of
passing hands. "Saw one in Maryland once," the Finn said, "and that was a
good three years after the pandemic. There's Arabs still trying to code 'em
up from the DNA, but they always croak."

The    animal's    brown    glass    eyes    seemed    to    follow    them    as    they    passed.
Terzibashjian   led   them   into   a   cafe   near   the   core   of   the   market,   a   low-
ceilinged  room  that  looked  as  though  it  had  been  in  continuous  operation
for     centuries.     Skinny     boys     in     soiled     white     coats     dodged     between     the
crowded  tables,  balancing  steel  trays  with  bottles  of  Turk-Tuborg  and  tiny
glasses of tea.

Case bought a pack of Yeheyuans from a vendor by the door. The Armenian
was muttering to his Sanyo. "Come," he said, "he is moving. Each night he
rides   the   _tunel_   to   the   bazaar   to   purchase   his   mixture   from   Ali.   Your
woman is close. Come."

The alley was an old place, too old, the walls cut from blocks of dark stone.
The   pavement   was   uneven   and   smelled   of   a   century's   dripping   gasoline,
absorbed  by  ancient  limestone.  "Can't  see  shit,"  he  whispered  to  the  Finn.
"That's okay for sweetmeat," the Finn said. "Quiet," said Terzibashjian, too
loudly.

Wood  grated  on  stone  or  concrete.  Ten  meters  down  the  alley,  a  wedge  of
yellow light fell across wet cobbles, widened. A figure stepped out and the
door grated shut again, leaving the narrow place in darkness. Case shivered.

"Now," Terzibashjian said, and a brilliant beam of white light, directed from
the  rooftop  of  the  building  opposite  the  market,  pinned  the  slender  figure
beside the ancient wooden door in a perfect circle. Bright eyes darted left,
right,  and  the  man  crumpled.  Case  thought  someone  had  shot  him;  he  lay
face down, blond hair pale against the old stone, his limp hands white and
pathetic.