Straylight's     not     exactly     hoppin'~     with     Tessier-Ashpools     is     that     they're
mostly   in   cold   sleep.   There's   a   law   firm   in   London   keeps   track   of   their
powers of attorney. Has to know who's awake and exactly when. Armitage
was     routing     the     transmissions     from     London     to     Straylight     through     the
Hosaka on the yacht. Incidently, they know the old man's dead."

"Who knows?"

"The  law  firm  and  T-A.  He  had  a  medical  remote  planted  in  his  sternum.
Not   that   your   girl's   dart   would've   left   a   resurrection   crew   with   much   to
work with. Shellfish toxin. But the only T-A awake in Straylight right now
is Lady 3Jane Marie-France. There's a male, couple years older, in Australia
on   business.   You   ask   me,   I   bet   Wintermute   found   a   way   to   cause   that
business to need this 8Jean's personal attention. But he's on his way home,
or     near     as     matters.     The     London     lawyers     give     his     Straylight     ETA     as
09:00:00,  tonight.  We  slotted  Kuang  virus  at  02:32:03.  It's  04:45:20.  Best
estimate  for  Kuang  penetration  of  the  T-A  core  is  08:30:00.  Or  a  hair  on
either side. I figure Wintermute's got somethin'~ goin'~ with this 3Jane, or
else     she's     just     as     crazy     as     her     old     man     was.     But     the     boy     up     from
Melbourne'll know the score. The Straylight security systems keep trying to
go    full    alert,    but    Wintermute    blocks    'em,    don't    ask    me    how.    Couldn't
override  the  basic  gate  program  to  get  Molly  in,  though.  Armitage  had  a
record of all that on his Hosaka; Riviera must've talked 3Jane into doing it.
She's been able to fiddle entrances and exits for years. Looks to me like one
of  T-A's  main  problems  is  that  every  family  bigwig  has  riddled  the  banks
with  all  kinds  of  private  scams  and  exceptions.  Kinda  like  your  immune
system falling apart on you. Ripe for virus. Looks good for us, once we're
past that ice."

"Okay. But Wintermute said that Arm --"

A  white  lozenge  snapped  into  position,  filled  with  a  closeup  of  mad  blue
eyes.      Case      could      only      stare.      Colonel      Willie      Corto,      Special      Forces,
Strikeforce  Screaming  Fist,  had  found  his  way  back.  The  image  was  dim,
jerky,  badly  focused.  Corto  was  using  the  _Haniwa_'s  navigation  deck  to
link with the Hosaka in _Marcus Garvey._

"Case, I need the damage reports on Omaha Thunder."