They   floated   in   the   center   of   a   perfectly   square   room,   walls   and   ceiling
paneled  in  rectangular  sections  of  dark  wood.  The  floor  was  covered  by  a
single  square  of  brilliant  carpet  patterned  after  a  microchip,  circuits  traced
in blue and scarlet wool. In the exact center of the room, aligned precisely
with the carpet pattern, stood a square pedestal of frosted white glass.

"The Villa Straylight," said a jeweled thing on the pedestal, in a voice like
music,    "is    a    body    grown    in    upon    itself,    a    Gothic    folly.    Each    space    in
Straylight is in some way secret, this endless series of chambers linked by
passages,  by  stairwells  vaulted  like  intestines,  where  the  eye  is  trapped  in
narrow curves, carried past ornate screens, empty alcoves..."

"Essay of 3Jane's," the Finn said, producing his Partagas. "Wrote that when
she was twelve. Semiotics course."

"The  architects  of  Freeside  went  to  great  pains  to  conceal  the  fact  that  the
interior of the spindle is arranged with the banal precision of furniture in a
hotel    room.    In    Straylight,    the    hull's    inner    surface    is    overgrown    with    a
desperate    proliferation    of    structures,    forms    flowing,    interlocking,    rising
toward a solid core of microcircuitry, our clan's corporate heart, a cylinder
of silicon wormholed with narrow maintenance tunnels, some no wider than
a      man's      hand.      The      bright      crabs      burrow      there,      the      drones,      alert      for
micromechanical decay or sabotage."

"That was her you saw in the restaurant," the Finn said.

"By  the  standards  of  the  archipelago,"  the  head  continued,  "ours  is  an  old
family,   the   convolutions   of   our   home   reflecting   that   age.   But   reflecting
something  else  as  well.  The  semiotics  of  the  Villa  bespeak  a  turning  in,  a
denial of the bright void beyond the hull.

"~Tessier   and   Ashpool   climbed   the   well   of   gravity   to   discover   that   they
loathed   space.   They   built   Freeside   to   tap   the   wealth   of   the   new   islands,
grew rich and eccentric, and began the construction of an extended body in
Straylight.    We    have    sealed    ourselves    away    behind    our    money,    growing
inward, generating a seamless universe of self.

"~The Villa Straylight knows no sky, recorded or otherwise.