gradually to the grassy tablelands of another casino complex. Case watched
a  drone  microlight  bank  gracefully  in  an  updraft  at  the  green  verge  of  an
artificial mesa, lit for seconds by the soft glow of the invisible casino. The
thing    was    a    kind    of    pilotless    biplane    of    gossamer    polymer,    its    wings
silkscreened   to   resemble   a   giant   butterfly.   Then   it   was   gone,   beyond   the
mesa's  edge.  He'd  seen  a  wink  of  reflected  neon  off  glass,  either  lenses  or
the turrets of lasers. The drones were part of the spindle's security system,
controlled by some central computer.

In  Straylight?  He  walked  on,  past  bars  named  the  Hi-Lo,  the  Paradise,  le
Monde,    Cricketeer.    Shozoku    Smith's,    Emergency.    He    chose    Emergency
because it was the smallest and most crowded, but it took only seconds for
him to realize that it was a tourist place. No hum of biz here, only a glazed
sexual    tension.    He    thought    briefly    of    the    nameless    club    above    Molly's
rented cubicle, but the image of her mirrored eyes fixed on the little screen
dissuaded   him.   What   was   Wintermute   revealing   there   now?   The   ground
plans of the Villa Straylight? The history of the Tessier-Ashpools?

He bought a mug of Carlsberg and found a place against the wall. Closing
his eyes, he felt for the knot of rage, the pure small coal of his anger. It was
there still. Where had it come from? He remembered feeling only a kind of
bafflement  at  his  maiming  in  Memphis,  nothing  at  all  when  he'd  killed  to
defend his dealing interests in Night City, and a slack sickness and loathing
after  Linda's  death  under  the  inflated  dome.  But  no  anger.  Small  and  far
away, on the mind's screen, a semblance of Deane struck a semblance of an
office wall in an explosion of brains and blood. He knew then: the rage had
come in the arcade, when Wintermute rescinded the simstim ghost of Linda
Lee,  yanking  away  the  simple  animal  promise  of  food,  warmth,  a  place  to
sleep.  But  he  hadn't  become  aware  of  it  until  his  exchange  with  the  holo-
construct of Lonny Zone.

It was a strange thing. He couldn't take its measure.

"Numb,"  he  said.  He'd  been  numb  a  long  time,  years.  All  his  nights  down
Ninsei, his nights with Linda, numb in bed and numb at the cold sweating
center of every drug deal. But now he'd found this warm thing, this chip of
murder. _Meat,_ some part of him said. _It's the meat talking, ignore it._