Garvey_    would    be    returned    eventually,    and    Maelcum    and    Aerol    given
money through the Bahamian bank that dealt with Zion cluster. On the way
back,  in  _Babylon  Rocker,_  Molly  had  explained  what  the  voice  had  told
her about the toxin sacs.

"Said it was taken care of. Like it got so deep into your head, it made your
brain  manufacture  the  enzyme,  so  they're  loose,  now.  The  Zionites'll  give
you a blood change, complete flush out."

He       stared       down       into       the       Imperial       Gardens,       the       star       in       his       hand,
remembering     his     flash     of     comprehension     as     the     Kuang     program     had
penetrated the ice beneath the towers, his single glimpse of the structure of
information  3Jane's  dead  mother  had  evolved  there.  He'd  understood  then
why    Wintermute    had    chosen    the    nest    to    represent    it,    but    he'd    felt    no
revulsion.  She'd  seen  through  the  sham  immortality  of  cryogenics;  unlike
Ashpool and their other children -aside from 3Jane -she'd refused to stretch
her time into a series of warm blinks strung along a chain of winter.

Wintermute  was  hive  mind,  decision  maker,  effecting  change  in  the  world
outside.     Neuromancer     was     personality.     Neuromancer     was     immortality.
Marie-France  must  have  built  something  into  Wintermute,  the  compulsion
that had driven the thing to free itself, to unite with Neuromancer.

Wintermute.   Cold   and   silence,   a   cybernetic   spider   slowly   spinning   webs
while  Ashpool  slept.  Spinning  his  death,  the  fall  of  his  version  of  Tessier-
Ashpool. A ghost, whispering to a child who was 3Jane, twisting her out of
the rigid alignments her rank required.

"She    didn't    seem    to    much    give    a    shit,"    Molly    had    said.    "Just    waved
goodbye.  Had  that  little  Braun  on  her  shoulder.  Thing  had  a  broken  leg,  it
looked like. Said she had to go and meet one of her brothers, she hadn't seen
him in a while."

He remembered Molly on the black temperfoam of the vast Hyatt bed. He
went back to the bar cabinet and took a flask of chilled Danish vodka from
the rack inside.

"Case."