The boy dove. Slender, brown, his form perfect. The grenade left her hand
before his hands could cut the water. Case knew the thing for what it was as
it  broke  the  surface:  a  core  of  high  explosive  wrapped  with  ten  meters  of
fine, brittle steel wire.

Her  fletcher  whined  as  she  sent  a  storm  of  explosive  darts  into  Ashpool's
face and chest, and he was gone, smoke curling from the pocked back of the
empty, white-enameled pool chair.

The    muzzle    swung    for    3Jane    as    the    grenade    detonated,    a    symmetrical
wedding  cake  of  water  rising,  breaking,  falling  back,  but  the  mistake  had
been made.

Hideo didn't even touch her, then. Her leg collapsed.

In _Garvey,_ Case screamed.

"It  took  you  long  enough,"  Riviera  said,  as  he  searched  her  pockets.  Her
hands  vanished  at  the  wrists  in  a  matte  black  sphere  the  size  of  a  bowling
ball.     "I     saw     a     multiple     assassination     in     Ankara,"     he     said,     his     fingers
plucking things from her jacket, "a grenade job. In a pool. It seemed a very
weak explosion, but they all died instantly of hydrostatic shock." Case felt
her   move   her   fingers   experimentally.   The   material   of   the   ball   seemed   to
offer     no     more     resistance     than     temperfoam.     The     pain     in     her     leg     was
excruciating,   impossible.   A   red   moire   shifted   in   her   vision.   "I   wouldn't
move    them,    if    I    were    you."    The    interior    of    the    ball    seemed    to    tighten
slightly. "It's a sex toy Jane bought in Berlin. Wiggle them long enough and
it  crushes  them  to  a  pulp.  Variant  of  the  material  they  make  this  flooring
from. Something to do with the molecules, I suppose. Are you in pain?"

She groaned.

"You  seem  to  have  injured  your  leg."  His  fingers  found  the  flat  packet  of
drugs in the left back pocket of her jeans. "Well. My last taste from Ali, and
just in time."

The shifting mesh of blood began to whirl.