"I know you," Case said, Linda beside him.

"No," the boy said, his voice high and musical, "you do not."

"You're     the     other     AI.     You're     Rio.     You're     the     one     who     wants     to     stop
Wintermute. What's your name? Your Turing code. What is it?"

The boy did a handstand in the surf, laughing. He walked on his hands, then
flipped  out  of  the  water.  His  eyes  were  Riviera's,  but  there  was  no  malice
there.   "To   call   up   a   demon   you   must   learn   its   name.   Men   dreamed   that,
once, but now it is real in another way. You know that, Case. Your business
is to learn the names of programs, the long formal names, names the owners
seek to conceal. True names..."

"A Turing code's not your name."

"Neuromancer," the boy said, slitting long gray eyes against the rising sun.
"The lane to the land of the dead. Where you are, my friend. Marie-France,
my lady, she prepared this road, but her lord choked her off before I could
read     the     book     of     her     days.     Neuro     from     the     nerves,     the     silver     paths.
Romancer. Necromancer. I call up the dead. But no, my friend," and the boy
did a little dance, brown feet printing the sand, "I _am_ the dead, and their
land." He laughed. A gull cried. "Stay. If your woman is a ghost, she doesn't
know it. Neither will you."

"You're cracking. The ice is breaking up."

"No,"  he  said,  suddenly  sad,  his  fragile  shoulders  sagging.  He  rubbed  his
foot against the sand. "It is more simple than that. But the choice is yours."
The    gray    eyes    regarded    Case    gravely.    A    fresh    wave    of    symbols    swept
across   his   vision,   one   line   at   a   time.   Behind   them,   the   boy   wriggled,   as
though seen through heat rising from summer asphalt. The music was loud
now, and Case could almost make out the lyrics.

"Case, honey," Linda said, and touched his shoulder.

"No," he said. He took off his jacket and handed it to her. "I don't know," he
said, "maybe you're here. Anyway, it gets cold."