He   searched   the   room   with   the   fireplace,   finding   a   plastic   canister   filled
with  what  he  assumed  was  rainwater.  Beside  the  nest  of  blankets,  against
the   wall,   lay   a   cheap   red   lighter,   a   seaman's   knife   with   a   cracked   green
handle, and her scarf. It was still knotted, and stiff with sweat and dirt. He
used  the  knife  to  open  the  yellow  packets,  dumping  their  contents  into  a
rusted    can    that    he    found    beside    the    stove.    He    dipped    water    from    the
canister,    mixed    the    resulting    mush    with    his    fingers,    and    ate.    It    tasted
vaguely  like  beef.  When  it  was  gone,  he  tossed  the  can  into  the  fireplace
and went out.

Late  afternoon,  by  the  feel  of  the  sun,  its  angle.  He  kicked  off  his  damp
nylon  shoes  and  was  startled  by  the  warmth  of  the  sand.  In  daylight,  the
beach was silver-gray. The sky was cloudless, blue. He rounded the corner
of the bunker and walked toward the surf, dropping his jacket on the sand.
"Dunno    whose    memories    you're    using    for    this    one,"    he    said    when    he
reached the water. He peeled off his jeans and kicked them into the shallow
surf, following them with t-shirt and underwear.

"What you doin'~, Case?"

He turned and found her ten meters down the beach, the white foam sliding
past her ankles.

"I pissed myself last night," he said.

"Well, you don't wanna wear those. Saltwater. Give you sores. I'll show you
this  pool  back  in  the  rocks."  She  gestured  vaguely  behind  her.  "It's  fresh."
The faded French fatigues had been hacked away above the knee; the skin
below was smooth and brown. A breeze caught at her hair.

"Listen," he said, scooping his clothes up and walking toward her, "I got a
question   for   you.   I   won't   ask   you   what   _you're_   doing   here.   But   what
exactly do you think _I'm_ doing here?" He stopped, a wet black jeans-leg
slapping against his bare thigh.

"You came last night," she said. She smiled at him.

"And that's enough for you? I just came?"