The man's eyes widened. "Yes. How do you know that that is his name?" A
millimeter of flame clicked from the lighter.

"I forget," Case said.

"You'll remember," the girl said.

Their names, or worknames, were Michle, Roland, and Pierre. Pierre, Case
decided,  would  play  the  Bad  Cop,  Roland  would  take  Case's  side,  provide
small   kindnesses   -he   found   an   unopened   pack   of   Yeheyuans   when   Case
refused a Gitane -and generally play counterpoint to Pierre's cold hostility.
Michle  would  be  the  Recording  Angel,  making  occasional  adjustments  in
the direction of the interrogation. One or all of them, he was certain, would
be  kinked  for  audio,  very  likely  for  simstim,  and  anything  he  said  or  did
now   was   admissible   evidence.   Evidence,   he   asked   himself,   through   the
grinding come-down, of what?

Knowing   that   he   couldn't   follow   their   French,   they   spoke   freely   among
themselves. Or seemed to. He caught enough as it was: names like Pauley,
Armitage,   Sense/Net,   Panther   Moderns   protruding   like   icebergs   from   an
animated sea of Parisian French. But it was entirely possible that the names
were there for his benefit. They always referred to Molly as Kolodny.

"You say you were hired to make a run, Case," Roland said, his slow speech
intended to convey reasonableness, "and that you are unaware of the nature
of    the    target.    Is    this    not    unusual    in    your    trade?    Having    penetrated    the
defenses, would you not be unable then to perform the required operation?
And surely an operation of some kind is required, yes?" He leaned forward,
elbows      on      his      stenciled      brown      knees,      palms      out      to      receive      Case's
explanation. Pierre paced the room; now he was by the window, now by the
door. Michle was the kink, Case decided. Her eyes never left him.

"Can I put some clothes on?" he asked. Pierre had insisted on stripping him,
searching  the  seams  of  his  jeans.  Now  he  sat  naked  on  a  wicker  footstool,
with one foot obscenely white.

Roland asked Pierre something in French. Pierre, at the window again, was
peering  through  a  flat  little  pair  of  binoculars.  _"Non,'_  he  said  absently,