"Skip it," Case said.

Case met his first Modern two days after he'd screened the Hosaka's precis.
The     Moderns,     he'd     decided,     were     a     contemporary     version     of     the     Big
Scientists of his own late teens. There was a kind of ghostly teenage DNA
at work in the Sprawl, something that carried the coded precepts of various
short-lived    subcults    and    replicated    them    at    odd    intervals.    The    Panther
Moderns  were  a  softhead  variant  on  the  Scientists.  If  the  technology  had
been  available,  the  Big  Scientists  would  all  have  had  sockets  stuffed  with
microsofts.  It  was  the  style  that  mattered  and  the  style  was  the  same.  The
Moderns were mercenaries, practical jokers, nihilistic technofetishists.

The  one  who  showed  up  at  the  loft  door  with  a  box  of  diskettes  from  the
Finn   was   a   soft-voiced   boy   called   Angelo.   His   face   was   a   simple   graft
grown      on      collagen      and      shark      cartilage      polysaccharides,      smooth      and
hideous. It was one of the nastiest pieces of elective surgery Case had ever
seen. When Angelo smiled, revealing the razor-sharp canines of some large
animal,   Case   was   actually   relieved.   Toothbud   transplants.   He'd   seen   that
before.

"You     can't     let     the     little     pricks     generation-gap     you,"     Molly     said.     Case
nodded, absorbed in the patterns of the Sense/Net ice. This was it. This was
what he was, who he was, his being. He forgot to eat. Molly left cartons of
rice and foam trays of sushi on the corner of the long table. Sometimes he
resented having to leave the deck to use the chemical toilet they'd set up in a
corner   of   the   loft.   Ice   patterns   formed   and   reformed   on   the   screen   as   he
probed for gaps, skirted the most obvious traps, and mapped the route he'd
take  through  Sense/Net's  ice.  It  was  good  ice.  Wonderful  ice.  Its  patterns
burned  there  while  he  lay  with  his  arm  under  Molly's  shoulders,  watching
the red dawn through the steel grid of the skylight. Its rainbow pixel maze
was the first thing he saw when he woke. He'd go straight to the deck, not
bothering to dress, and jack in. He was cutting it. He was working. He lost
track of days.

And  sometimes,  falling  asleep,  particularly  when  Molly  was  off  on  one  of
her reconnaissance trips with her rented cadre of Moderns, images of Chiba
came flooding back. Faces and Ninsei neon. Once he woke from a confused
dream of Linda Lee, unable to recall who she was or what she'd ever meant