of a transparent shaft. The elevator, like Cheap Hotel, was an afterthought,
lashed to the building with bamboo and epoxy. Case climbed into the plastic
cage and used his key, an unmarked length of rigid magnetic tape.

Case   had   rented   a   coffin   here,   on   a   weekly   basis,   since   he'd   arrived   in
Chiba, but he'd never slept in Cheap Hotel. He slept in cheaper places.

The  elevator  smelled  of  perfume  and  cigarettes;  the  sides  of  the  cage  was
scratched and thumb-smudged. As it passed the fifth floor, he saw the lights
of Ninsei. He drummed his fingers against the pistolgrip as the cage slowed
with a gradual hiss. As always, it came to a full stop with a violent jolt, but
he was ready for it. He stepped out into the courtyard that served the place
as some combination of lobby and lawn.

Centered  in  the  square  carpet  of  green  plastic  turf,  a  Japanese  teenager  sat
behind a C-shaped console, reading a textbook. The white fiberglass coffins
were  racked  in  a  framework  of  industrial  scaffolding.  Six  tiers  of  coffins,
ten coffins on a side. Case nodded in the boy's direction and limped across
the plastic grass to the nearest ladder. The compound was roofed with cheap
laminated  matting  that  rattled  in  a  strong  wind  and  leaked  when  it  rained,
but the coffins were reasonably difficult to open without a key.

The expansion-grate catwalk vibrated with his weight as he edged his way
along  the  third  tier  to  Number  92.  The  coffins  were  three  meters  long,  the
oval hatches a meter wide and just under a meter and a half tall. He fed his
key    into    the    slot    and    waited    for    verification    from    the    house    computer.
Magnetic   bolts   thudded   reassuringly   and   the   hatch   rose   vertically   with   a
creak   of   springs.   Fluorescents   flickered   on   as   he   crawled   in,   pulling   the
hatch   shut   behind   him   and   slapping   the   panel   that   activated   the   manual
latch.

There  was  nothing  in  Number  92  but  a  standard  Hitachi  pocket  computer
and a small white styrofoam cooler chest. The cooler contained the remains
of    three    ten-kilo    slabs    of    dry    ice,    carefully    wrapped    in    paper    to    delay
evaporation,    and    a    spun    aluminum    lab    flask.    Crouching    on    the    brown
temperfoam slab that was both floor and bed, Case took Shin's .22 from his
pocket   and   put   it   on   top   of   the   cooler.   Then   he   took   off   his   jacket.   The
coffin's terminal was molded into one concave wall, opposite a panel listing