dealt primarily in proscribed biologicals, and they said you had to be crazy
to do that.

But   Linda   said   Wage   wanted   him   dead.   Case's   primary   insight   into   the
dynamics  of  street  dealing  was  that  neither  the  buyer  nor  the  seller  really
needed  him.  A  middleman's  business  is  to  make  himself  a  necessary  evil.
The  dubious  niche  Case  had  carved  for  himself  in  the  criminal  ecology  of
Night  City  had  been  cut  out  with  lies,  scooped  out  a  night  at  a  time  with
betrayal.  Now,  sensing  that  its  walls  were  starting  to  crumble,  he  felt  the
edge of a strange euphoria.

The   week   before,   he'd   delayed   transfer   of   a   synthetic   glandular   extract,
retailing it for a wider margin than usual. He knew Wage hadn't liked that.
Wage   was   his   primary   supplier,   nine   years   in   Chiba   and   one   of   the   few
gaijin    dealers    who'd    managed    to    forge    links    with    the    rigidly    stratified
criminal  establishment  beyond  Night  City's  borders.  Genetic  materials  and
hormones  trickled  down  to  Ninsei  along  an  intricate  ladder  of  fronts  and
blinds.  Somehow  Wage  had  managed  to  trace  something  back,  once,  and
now he enjoyed steady connections in a dozen cities.

Case  found  himself  staring  through  a  shop  window.  The  place  sold  small
bright   objects   to   the   sailors.   Watches,   flicknives,   lighters,   pocket   VTRs,
simstim  decks,  weighted  manriki  chains,  and  shuriken.  The  shuriken  had
always    fascinated    him,    steel    stars    with    knife-sharp    points.    Some    were
chromed,   others   black,   others   treated   with   a   rainbow   surface   like   oil   on
water.   But   the   chrome   stars   held   his   gaze.   They   were   mounted   against
scarlet ultrasuede with nearly invisible loops of nylon fishline, their centers
stamped  with  dragons  or  yinyang  symbols.  They  caught  the  street's  neon
and twisted it, and it came to Case that these were the stars under which he
voyaged, his destiny spelled out in a constellation of cheap chrome.

"Julie," he said to his stars. "Time to see old Julie. He'll know."

Julius   Deane   was   one   hundred   and   thirty-five   years   old,   his   metabolism
assiduously    warped    by    a    weekly    fortune    in    serums    and    hormones.    His
primary    hedge    against    aging    was    a    yearly    pilgrimage    to    Tokyo,    where
genetic  surgeons  re-set  the  code  of  his  DNA,  a  procedure  unavailable  in
Chiba.   Then   he'd   fly   to   Hongkong   and   order   the   year's   suits   and   shirts.