He  rested  his  forehead  against  the  matte  black  plastic  of  a  wall  panel  and
closed his eyes. His limbs were wood, old, warped and heavy with rain.

Lunch    was    being    served    beneath    the    trees,    under    the    bright    umbrellas.
Roland and Michle fell into character, chattering brightly in French. Pierre
came    behind.    Michle    kept    the    muzzle    of    her    pistol    close    to    his    ribs,
concealing the gun with a white duck jacket she draped over her arm.

Crossing     the     meadow,     weaving     between     the     tables     and     the     trees,     he
wondered  if  she  would  shoot  him  if  he  collapsed  now.  Black  fur  boiled  at
the borders of his vision. He glanced up at the hot white band of the Lado-
Acheson    armature    and    saw    a    giant    butterfly    banking    gracefully    against
recorded sky.

At  the  edge  of  the  meadow  they  came  to  railinged  cliffside,  wild  flowers
dancing in the updraft from the canyon that was Desiderata. Michle tossed
her short dark hair and pointed, saying something in French to Roland. She
sounded  genuinely  happy.  Case  followed  the  direction  of  her  gesture  and
saw     the     curve     of     planing     lakes,     the     white     glint     of     casinos,     turquoise
rectangles      of      a      thousand      pools,      the      bodies      of      bathers,      tiny      bronze
hieroglyphs, all held in serene approximation of gravity against the endless
curve of Freeside's hull.

They     followed     the     railing     to     an     ornate     iron     bridge     that     arched     over
Desiderata. Michle prodded him with the muzzle of the Walther.

"Take it easy, I can't hardly walk today."

They   were   a   little   over   a   quarter   of   the   way   across   when   the   microlight
struck,  its  electric  engine  silent  until  the  carbon  fiber  prop  chopped  away
the top of Pierre's skull.

They were in the thing's shadow for an instant, Case felt the hot blood spray
across   the   back   of   his   neck,   and   then   someone   tripped   him.   He   rolled,
seeing Michle on her back, knees up, aiming the Walther with both hands.
_That's  a  waste  of  effort,_  he  thought,  with  the  strange  lucidity  of  shock.
She was trying to shoot down the microlight.