suit's    kangaroo    pocket    and    withdrew    a    sheet    of    plastic    studded    with    a
rainbow  of  dermadisks.  She  selected  three  and  thumbed  them  hard  against
her left wrist, over the veins. Six thousand micrograms of endorphin analog
came    down    on    the    pain    like    a    hammer,    shattering    it.    Her    back    arched
convulsively.  Pink  waves  of  warmth  lapped  up  her  thighs.  She  sighed  and
slowly relaxed.

"Okay,  Brood.  Okay  now.  But  I'll  need  a  medical  team  when  I  come  out.
Tell my people. Cutter, I'm two minutes from target. Can you hold?"

"Tell her I'm in and holding," Case said.

Molly began to limp down the corridor. When she glanced back, once, Case
saw  the  crumpled  bodies  of  three  Sense/Net  security  guards.  One  of  them
seemed to have no eyes.

"Tacticals    and    Rapids    have    sealed    the    ground    floor,    Cat    Mother.    Foam
barricades. Lobby's getting juicy."

"Pretty juicy down here," she said, swinging herself through a pair of gray
steel doors. "Almost there, Cutter."

Case  flipped  into  the  matrix  and  pulled  the  trodes  from  his  forehead.  He
was drenched with sweat. He wiped his forehead with a towel, took a quick
sip of water from the bicycle bottle beside the Hosaka, and checked the map
of  the  library  displayed  on  the  screen.  A  pulsing  red  cursor  crept  through
the outline of a doorway. Only millimeters from the green dot that indicated
the   location   of   the   Dixie   Flatline's   construct.   He   wondered   what   it   was
doing to her leg, to walk on it that way. With enough endorphin analog, she
could walk on a pair of bloody stumps. He tightened the nylon harness that
held him in the chair and replaced the trodes.

Routine now: trodes, jack, and flip.

The Sense/Net research library was a dead storage area; the materials stored
here  had  to  be  physically  removed  before  they  could  be  interfaced.  Molly
hobbled between rows of identical gray lockers.