She missed it by a fraction. She nearly cut it, but not quite. She went in just
right,   Case   thought.   The   right   attitude;   it   was   something   he   could   sense,
something he could have seen in the posture of another cowboy leaning into
a  deck,  fingers  flying  across  the  board.  She  had  it:  the  thing,  the  moves.
And  she'd  pulled  it  all  together  for  her  entrance.  Pulled  it  together  around
the   pain   in   her   leg   and   marched   down   3Jane's   stairs   like   she   owned   the
place, elbow of her gun arm at her hip, forearm up, wrist relaxed, swaying
the    muzzle    of    the    fletcher    with    the    studied    nonchalance    of    a    Regency
duelist.

It was a performance. It was like the culmination of a lifetime's observation
of martial arts tapes, cheap ones, the kind Case had grown up on. For a few
seconds,  he  knew,  she  was  every  bad-ass  hero,  Sony  Mao  in  the  old  Shaw
videos,  Mickey  Chiba,  the  whole  lineage  back  to  Lee  and  Eastwood.  She
was walking it the way she talked it.

Lady 3Jane Marie-France Tessier-Ashpool had carved herself a low country
flush with the inner surface of Straylight's hull, chopping away the maze of
walls that was her legacy. She lived in a single room so broad and deep that
its   far   reaches   were   lost   to   an   inverse   horizon,   the   floor   hidden   by   the
curvature   of   the   spindle.   The   ceiling   was   low   and   irregular,   done   in   the
same   imitation   stone   that   walled   the   corridor.   Here   and   there   across   the
floor  were  jagged  sections  of  wall,  waist-high  reminders  of  the  labyrinth.
There was a rectangular turquoise pool centered ten meters from the foot of
the stairway, its underwater floods the apartment's only source of light -or it
seemed   that   way,   to   Case,   as   Molly   took   her   final   step.   The   pool   threw
shifting blobs of light across the ceiling above it.

They were waiting by the pool.

He'd known that her reflexes were souped up, jazzed by the neurosurgeons
for combat, but he hadn't experienced them on the simstim link. The effect
was  like  tape  run  at  half  speed,  a  slow,  deliberate  dance  choreographed  to
the killer instinct and years of training. She seemed to take the three of them
in  at  a  glance:  the  boy  poised  on  the  pool's  high  board,  the  girl  grinning
over her wineglass, and the corpse of Ashpool, his left socket gaping black
and corrupt above his welcoming smile. He wore his maroon robe. His teeth
were very white.