"It  doesn't  matter,"  Roland  said.  "You  will  come  with  us.  We  are  at  home
with situations of legal ambiguity. The treaties under which our arm of the
Registry    operates    grant    us    a    great    deal    of    flexibility.    And    we    _create_
flexibility,  in  situations  where  it  is  required."  The  mask  of  amiability  was
down, suddenly, Roland's eyes as hard as Pierre's.

"You  are  worse  than  a  fool,"  Michle  said,  getting  to  her  feet,  the  pistol  in
her hand. "You have no care for your species. For thousands of years men
dreamed   of   pacts   with   demons.   Only   now   are   such   things   possible.   And
what  would  you  be  paid  with?  What  would  your  price  be,  for  aiding  this
thing to free itself and grow?" There was a knowing weariness in her young
voice that no nineteen-year-old could have mustered. "You will dress now.
You  will  come  with  us.  Along  with  the  one  you  call  Armitage,  you  will
return with us to Geneva and give testimony in the trial of this intelligence.
Otherwise, we kill you. Now." She raised the pistol, a smooth black Walther
with an integral silencer.

"I'm dressing already," he said, stumbling toward the bed. His legs were still
numb, clumsy. He fumbled with a clean t-shirt.

"We have a ship standing by. We will erase Pauley's construct with a pulse
weapon."

"Sense/Net'll   be   pissed,"   Case   said,   thinking:   and   all   the   evidence   in   the
Hosaka.

"They are in some difficulty already, for having owned such a thing."

Case pulled the shirt over his head. He saw the shuriken on the bed, lifeless
metal,  his  star.  He  felt  for  the  anger.  It  was  gone.  Time  to  give  in,  to  roll
with it... He thought of the toxin sacs. "Here comes the meat," he muttered.

In the elevator to the meadow, he thought of Molly. She might already be in
Straylight.  Hunting  Riviera.  Hunted,  probably,  by  Hideo,  who  was  almost
certainly the ninja clone of the Finn's story, the one who'd come to retrieve
the talking head.