stage.     He     hadn't     seen     where     Riviera     had     come     from.     His     uneasiness
increased.

At first he assumed the man was illuminated by a spotlight.

Riviera    glowed.    The    light    clung    around    him    like    a    skin,    lit    the    dark
hangings behind the stage. He was projecting.

Riviera   smiled.   He   wore   a   white   dinner   jacket.   On   his   lapel,   blue   coals
burned   in   the   depths   of   a   black   carnation.   His   fingernails   flashed   as   he
raised his hands in a gesture of greeting, an embrace for his audience. Case
heard the shallow water lap against the side of the restaurant.

"Tonight," Riviera said, his long eyes shining, "I would like to perform an
extended  piece  for  you.  A  new  work."  A  cool  ruby  of  light  formed  in  the
palm  of  his  upraised  right  hand.  He  dropped  it.  A  gray  dove  fluttered  up
from the point of impact and vanished into the shadows. Someone whistled.
More applause.

"The title of the work is "The Doll.'" Riviera lowered his hands. "I wish to
dedicate   its   premiere   here,   tonight,   to   Lady   3Jane   Marie-France   Tessier-
Ashpool."  A  wave  of  polite  applause.  As  it  died,  Riviera's  eyes  seemed  to
find their table. "And to another lady."

The   restaurant's   lights   died   entirely,   for   a   few   seconds,   leaving   only   the
glow  of  candles.  Riviera's  holographic  aura  had  faded  with  the  lights,  but
Case could still see him, standing with his head bowed.

Lines  of  faint  light  began  to  form,  verticals  and  horizontals,  sketching  an
open    cube    around    the    stage.    The    restaurant's    lights    had    come    back    up
slightly,      but      the      framework      surrounding      the      stage      might      have      been
constructed of frozen moonbeams. Head bowed, eyes closed, arms rigid at
his     sides,     Riviera     seemed     to     quiver     with     concentration.     Suddenly     the
ghostly cube was filled, had become a room, a room lacking its fourth wall,
allowing the audience to view its contents.

Riviera   seemed   to   relax   slightly.   He   raised   his   head,   but   kept   his   eyes
closed.  "I'd  always  lived  in  the  room,"  he  said.  "I  couldn't  remember  ever