The glasses didn't seem to cut down the sunlight al all. He wondered if the
built-in  amps  compensated  automatically.  Blue  alphanumerics  winked  the
time, low in her left peripheral field. Showing off, he thought.

Her      body      language      was      disorienting,      her      style      foreign.      She      seemed
continually  on  the  verge  of  colliding  with  someone,  but  people  melted  out
of her way, stepped sideways, made room.

"How  you  doing.  Case?"  He  heard  the  words  and  felt  her  form  them.  She
slid a hand into her jacket, a fingertip circling a nipple under warm silk. The
sensation  made  him  catch  his  breath.  She  laughed.  But  the  link  was  one-
way. He had no way to reply.

Two  blocks  later,  she  was  threading  the  outskirts  of  Memory  Lane.  Case
kept  trying  to  jerk  her  eyes  toward  landmarks  he  would  have  used  to  find
his way. He began to find the passivity of the situation irritating.

The transition to cyberspace, when he hit the switch, was instantaneous. He
punched  himself  down  a  wall  of  primitive  ice  belonging  to  the  New  York
Public Library automatically counting potential windows. Keying back into
her sensorium, into the sinuous flow of muscle, senses sharp and bright.

He   found   himself   wondering   about   the   mind   he   shared   these   sensations
with. What did he know about her? That she was another professional; that
she said her being, like his, was the thing she did to make a living. He knew
the   way   she'd   moved   against   him,   earlier,   when   she   woke,   their   mutual
grunt  of  unity  when  he'd  entered  her,  and  that  she  liked  her  coffee  black,
afterward...

Her destination was one of the dubious software rental complexes that lined
Memory  Lane.  There  was  a  stillness,  a  hush.  Booths  lined  a  central  hall.
The clientele were young, few of them out of their teens. They all seemed
to  have  carbon  sockets  planted  behind  the  left  ear,  but  she  didn't  focus  on
them. The counters that fronted the booths displayed hundreds of slivers of
microsoft,    angular    fragments    of    colored    silicon    mounted    under    oblong
transparent    bubbles    on    squares    of    white    cardboard.    Molly    went    to    the
seventh booth along the south wall. Behind the counter a boy with a shaven