says. And they have to love him first. Maybe he loves them, too. That's why
it was easy for Terzi to set him up for us, because he's been here three years,
shopping politicals to the secret police. Probably Terzi let him watch, when
the cattle prods came out. He's done eighteen in three years. All women age
twenty to twenty-five. It kept Terzi in dissidents." She thrust her hands into
her  jacket  pockets.  "Because  if  he  found  one  he  really  wanted,  he'd  make
sure  she  turned  political.  He's  got  a  personality  like  a  Modern's  suit.  The
profile  said  it  was  a  very  rare  type,  estimated  one  in  a  couple  of  million.
Which   anyway   says   something   good   about   human   nature,   I   guess."   She
stared at the white flowers and the sluggish fish, her face sour. "I think I'm
going to have to buy myself some special insurance on that Peter." Then she
turned and smiled, and it was very cold.

"What's that mean?"

"Never mind. Let's go back to Beyoglu and find something like breakfast. I
gotta busy night again, tonight. Gotta collect his stuff from that apartment in
Fener, gotta go back to the bazaar and buy him some drugs..."

"Buy him some drugs? How's he rate?"

She laughed. "He's not dying on the wire, sweetheart. And it looks like he
can't  work  without  that  special  taste.  I  like  you  better  now,  anyway,  you
aren't so goddam skinny." She smiled. "So I'll go to Ali the dealer and stock
up. You betcha."

Armitage was waiting in their room at the Hilton.

"Time to pack," he said, and Case tried to find the man called Corto behind
the pale blue eyes and the tanned mask. He thought of Wage, back in Chiba.
Operators  above  a  certain  level  tended  to  submerge  their  personalities,  he
knew. But Wage had had vices, lovers. Even, it had been rumored, children.
The blankness he found in Armitage was something else.

"Where  to  now?"  he  asked,  walking  past  the  man  to  stare  down  into  the
street. "What kind of climate?"