"Wintermute       won't       be       the       first       to       have       made       the       same       mistake.
Underestimating  me."  He  crossed  the  tiled  pool  border  to  a  white  enamel
table  and  splashed  mineral  water  into  a  heavy  crystal  highball  glass.  "He
talked   with   me,   Molly.   I   suppose   he   talked   to   all   of   us.   You,   and   Case,
whatever there is of Armitage to talk to. He can't really understand us, you
know.   He   has   his   profiles,   but   those   are   only   statistics.   You   may   be   the
statistical  animal,  darling,  and  Case  is  nothing  but,  but  I  possess  a  quality
unquantifiable by its very nature." He drank.

"And what exactly is that, Peter?" Molly asked, her voice flat.

Riviera beamed. "Perversity." He walked back to the two women, swirling
the water that remained in the dense, deeply carved cylinder of rock crystal,
as    though    he    enjoyed    the    weight    of    the    thing.    "An    enjoyment    of    the
gratuitous   act.   And   I   have   made   a   decision,   Molly,   a   wholly   gratuitous
decision."

She waited, looking up at him.

"Oh,    Peter,"    3Jane    said,    with    the    sort    of    gentle    exasperation    ordinarily
reserved for children.

"No word for you, Molly. He told me about that, you see. 3Jane knows the
code, of course, but you won't have it. Neither will Wintermute. My Jane's
an ambitious girl, in her perverse way." He smiled again. "She has designs
on  the  family  empire,  and  a  pair  of  insane  artificial  intelligences,  kinky  as
the  concept  may  be,  would  only  get  in  our  way.  So.  Comes  her  Riviera  to
help her out, you see. And Peter says, sit tight. Play Daddy's favorite swing
records and let Peter call you up a band to match, a floor of dancers, a wake
for  dead  King  Ashpool."  He  drank  off  the  last  of  the  mineral  water.  "No,
you wouldn't do, Daddy, you would not do. Now that Peter's come home."
And  then,  his  face  pink  with  the  pleasure  of  cocaine  and  meperidine,  he
swung the glass hard into her left lens implant, smashing vision into blood
and light.

Maelcum    was    prone    against    the    cabin    ceiling    when    Case    removed    the
trodes. A nylon sling around his waist was fastened to the panels on either
side with shock cords and gray rubber suction pads. He had his shirt off and