was  a  black  expanse  where  gulls  wheeled  above  drifting  shoals  of  white
styrofoam.  Behind  the  port  lay  the  city,  factory  domes  dominated  by  the
vast cubes of corporate arcologies. Port and city were divided by a narrow
borderland of older streets, an area with no official name. Night City, with
Ninsei      its      heart.      By      day,      the      bars      down      Ninsei      were      shuttered      and
featureless, the neon dead, the holograms inert, waiting, under the poisoned
silver sky.

Two   blocks   west   of   the   Chat,   in   a   teashop   called   the   Jarre   de   Th,   Case
washed down the night's first pill with a double espresso. It was a flat pink
octagon,  a  potent  species  of  Brazilian  dex  he  bought  from  one  of  Zone's
girls.

The Jarre was walled with mirrors, each panel framed in red neon.

At first, finding himself alone in Chiba, with little money and less hope of
finding  a  cure,  he'd  gone  into  a  kind  of  terminal  overdrive,  hustling  fresh
capital with a cold intensity that had seemed to belong to someone else. In
the  first  month,  he'd  killed  two  men  and  a  woman  over  sums  that  a  year
before would have seemed ludicrous. Ninsei wore him down until the street
itself   came   to   seem   the   externalization   of   some   death   wish,   some   secret
poison he hadn't known he carried.

Night  City  was  like  a  deranged  experiment  in  social  Darwinism,  designed
by a bored researcher who kept one thumb permanently on the fast-forward
button.  Stop  hustling  and  you  sank  without  a  trace,  but  move  a  little  too
swiftly   and   you'd   break   the   fragile   surface   tension   of   the   black   market;
either    way,    you    were    gone,    with    nothing    left    of    you    but    some    vague
memory in the mind of a fixture like Ratz, though heart or lungs or kidneys
might  survive  in  the  service  of  some  stranger  with  New  Yen  for  the  clinic
tanks.

Biz here was a constant subliminal hum, and death the accepted punishment
for laziness, carelessness, lack of grace, the failure to heed the demands of
an intricate protocol.

Alone at a table in the Jarre de Th, with the octagon coming on, pinheads of
sweat  starting  from  his  palms,  suddenly  aware  of  each  tingling  hair  on  his