Japanese,"    Maelcum    said,    over    his    suit's    transceiver,    "but    countdown's
wrong." He tapped a particular line on the screen. "Seals not intact, bridge
module. Launchin'~ wi'~ lock open."

"Armitage!"  Case  tried  to  pound  on  the  door.  The  physics  of  zero-g  sent
him tumbling back through the printout. "Corto! Don't do it! We gotta talk!
We gotta --"

"Case?  Read  you,  Case..."  The  voice  barely  resembled  Armitage's  now.  It
held  a  weird  calm.  Case  stopped  kicking.  His  helmet  struck  the  far  wall.
"I'm sorry, Case, but it has to be this way. One of us has to get out. One of
us has to testify. If we all go down here, it ends here. I'll tell them. Case, I'll
tell  them  all  of  it.  About  Girling  and  the  others.  And  I'll  make  it,  Case.  I
know I'll make it. To Helsinki." There was a sudden silence; Case felt it fill
his helmet like some rare gas. "But it's so hard, Case, so goddam hard. I'm
blind."

"Corto, stop. Wait. You're _blind,_ man. You can't fly! You'll hit the fucking
_trees._  And  they're  trying  to  get  you,  Corto.  I  swear  to  God,  they've  left
your hatch open. You'll die, and you'll never get to tell 'em, and I gotta get
the  enzyme,  name  of  the  enzyme,  the  enzyme,  man..."  He  was  shouting,
voice high with hysteria. Feedback shrilled out of the helmet's phone pads.

"Remember the training, Case. That's all we can do."

And then the helmet filled with a confused babble, roaring static, harmonics
howling  down  the  years  from  Screaming  Fist.  Fragments  of  Russian,  and
then   a   stranger's   voice,   Midwestern,   very   young.   "We   are   down,   repeat,
Omaha Thunder is down, we..."

"Wintermute,"  Case  screamed,  "don't  do  this  to  me!"  Tears  broke  from  his
lashes,    rebounding    off    the    faceplate    in    wobbling    crystal    droplets.    Then
_Haniwa_ thudded, once, shivered as if some huge soft thing had struck her
hull. Case imagined the lifeboat jolting free, blown clear by explosive bolts,
a   second's   clawing   hurricane   of   escaping   air   tearing   mad   Colonel   Corto
from     his     couch,     from     Wintermute's     rendition     of     the     final     minute     of
Screaming Fist.