He thought of the toxin sacs. Old Ashpool was dead too, drilled through the
eye  with  Molly's  microscopic  dart,  deprived  of  whatever  expert  overdose
he'd   mixed   for   himself.   That   was   a   more   puzzling   death,   Ashpool's,   the
death of a mad king. And he'd killed the puppet he'd called his daughter, the
one   with   3Jane's   face.   It   seemed   to   Case,   as   he   rode   Molly's   broadcast
sensory   input   through   the   corridors   of   Straylight,   that   he'd   never   really
thought     of     anyone     like     Ashpool,     anyone     as     powerful     as     he     imagined
Ashpool had been, as human.

Power,      in      Case's      world,      meant      corporate      power.      The      zaibatsus,      the
multinationals that shaped the course of human history, had transcended old
barriers. Viewed as organisms, they had attained a kind of immortality. You
couldn't kill a zaibatsu by assassinating a dozen key executives; there were
others waiting to step up the ladder, assume the vacated position, access the
vast banks of corporate memory. But Tessier Ashpool wasn't like that, and
he sensed the difference in the death of its founder. T-A was an atavism, a
clan.     He     remembered     the     litter     of     the     old     man's     chamber,     the     soiled
humanity   of   it,   the   ragged   spines   of   the   old   audio   disks   in   their   paper
sleeves. One foot bare, the other in a velvet slipper.

The  Braun  plucked  at  the  hood  of  the  Modern  suit  and  Molly  turned  left,
through another archway.

Wintermute  and  the  nest.  Phobic  vision  of  the  hatching  wasps,  time-lapse
machine   gun   of   biology.   But   weren't   the   zaibatsus   more   like   that,   or   the
Yakuza, hives with cybernetic memories, vast single organisms, their DNA
coded in silicon? If Straylight was an expression of the corporate identity of
Tessier-Ashpool,  then  T-A  was  crazy  as  the  old  man  had  been.  The  same
ragged   tangle   of   fears,   the   same   strange   sense   of   aimlessness.   "If   they'd
turned    into    what    they    wanted    to..."    he    remembered    Molly    saying.    But
Wintermute had told her they hadn't.

Case had always taken it for granted that the real bosses, the kingpins in a
given industry, would be both more and less than _people._ He'd seen it in
the     men     who'd     crippled     him     in     Memphis,     he'd     seen     Wage     affect     the
semblance of it in Night City, and it had allowed him to accept Armitage's
flatness   and   lack   of   feeling.   He'd   always   imagined   it   as   a   gradual   and
willing accommodation of the machine, the system, the parent organism. It