pulled him down, to the meat, the flesh the cowboys mocked. It was a vast
thing,       beyond       knowing,       a       sea       of       information       coded       in       spiral       and
pheromone,   infinite   intricacy   that   only   the   body,   in   its   strong   blind   way,
could ever read.

The   zipper   hung,   caught,   as   he   opened   the   French   fatigues,   the   coils   of
toothed nylon clotted with salt. He broke it, some tiny metal part shooting
off    against    the    wall    as    salt-rotten    cloth    gave,    and    then    he    was    in    her,
effecting the transmission of the old message. Here, even here, in a place he
knew for what it was, a coded model of some stranger's memory, the drive
held.

She shuddered against him as the stick caught fire, a leaping flare that threw
their locked shadows across the bunker wall.

Later, as they lay together, his hand between her thighs, he remembered her
on the beach, the white foam pulling at her ankles, and he remembered what
she had said.

"He told you I was coming," he said.

But  she  only  rolled  against  him,  buttocks  against  his  thighs,  and  put  her
hand over his, and muttered something out of dream.

21

The  music  woke  him,  and  at  first  it  might  have  been  the  beat  of  his  own
heart.   He   sat   up   beside   her,   pulling   his   jacket   over   his   shoulders   in   the
predawn chill, gray light from the doorway and the fire long dead.

His   vision   crawled   with   ghost   hieroglyphs,   translucent   lines   of   symbols
arranging  themselves  against  the  neutral  backdrop  of  the  bunker  wall.  He
looked at the backs of his hands, saw faint neon molecules crawling beneath
the   skin,   ordered   by   the   unknowable   code.   He   raised   his   right   hand   and
moved it experimentally. It left a faint, fading trail of strobed afterimages.

The hair stood up along his arms and at the back of his neck. He crouched
there with his teeth bared and felt for the music. The pulse faded, returned,