it    through    a    fence    in    Amsterdam.    He    still    wasn't    sure    how    he'd    been
discovered,  not  that  it  mattered  now.  He'd  expected  to  die,  then,  but  they
only   smiled.   Of   course   he   was   welcome,   they   told   him,   welcome   to   the
money.   And   he   was   going   to   need   it.   Because   -still   smiling   -they   were
going to make sure he never worked again.

They damaged his nervous system with a wartime Russian mycotoxin.

Strapped   to   a   bed   in   a   Memphis   hotel,   his   talent   burning   out   micron   by
micron, he hallucinated for thirty hours.

The damage was minute, subtle, and utterly effective.

For  Case,  who'd  lived  for  the  bodiless  exultation  of  cyberspace,  it  was  the
Fall.    In    the    bars    he'd    frequented    as    a    cowboy    hotshot,    the    elite    stance
involved a certain relaxed contempt for the flesh. The body was meat. Case
fell into the prison of his own flesh.

His  total  assets  were  quickly  converted  to  New  Yen,  a  fat  sheaf  of  the  old
paper   currency   that   circulated   endlessly   through   the   closed   circuit   of   the
world's  black  markets  like  the  seashells  of  the  Trobriand  islanders.  It  was
difficult to transact legitimate business with cash in the Sprawl; in Japan, it
was already illegal.

In  Japan,  he'd  known  with  a  clenched  and  absolute  certainty,  he'd  find  his
cure.  In  Chiba.  Either  in  a  registered  clinic  or  in  the  shadowland  of  black
medicine.    Synonymous    with    implants,    nerve-splicing,    and    microbionics,
Chiba was a magnet for the Sprawl's techno-criminal subcultures.

In    Chiba,    he'd    watched    his    New    Yen    vanish    in    a    two-month    round    of
examinations and consultations. The men in the black clinics, his last hope,
had  admired  the  expertise  with  which  he'd  been  maimed,  and  then  slowly
shaken their heads.

Now he slept in the cheapest coffins, the ones nearest the port, beneath the
quartz-halogen floods that lit the docks all night like vast stages; where you
couldn't see the lights of Tokyo for the glare of the television sky, not even
the  towering  hologram  logo  of  the  Fuji  Electric  Company,  and  Tokyo  Bay