Reflected    colors    flowed    across    Molly's    lenses    as    the    men    circled.    The
holograms were ten-power magnifications; at ten, the knives they held were
just  under  a  meter  long.  The  knifefighter's  grip  is  the  fencer's  grip,  Case
remembered,    the    fingers    curled,    thumb    aligned    with    blade.    The    knives
seemed  to  move  of  their  own  accord,  gliding  with  a  ritual  lack  of  urgency
through the arcs and passes of their dance, point passing point, as the men
waited     for     an     opening.     Molly's     upturned     face     was     smooth     and     still,
watching.

"I'll go find us some food," Case said. She nodded, lost in contemplation of
the dance.

He didn't like this place.

He turned and walked back into the shadows. Too dark. Too quiet.

The  crowd,  he  saw,  was  mostly  Japanese.  Not  really  a  Night  City  crowd.
Techs down from the arcologies. He supposed that meant the arena had the
approval   of   some   corporate   recreational   committee.   He   wondered   briefly
what   it   would   be   like,   working   all   your   life   for   one   zaibatsu.   Company
housing, company hymn, company funeral.

He'd made nearly a full circuit of the dome before he found the food stalls.
He bought yakitori on skewers and two tall waxy cartons of beer. Glancing
up   at   the   holograms,   he   saw   that   blood   laced   one   figure's   chest.   Thick
brown sauce trickled down the skewers and over his knuckles.

Seven days and he'd jack in. If he closed his eyes now, he'd see the matrix.

Shadows twisted as the holograms swung through their dance.

Then the fear began to knot between his shoulders. A cold trickle of sweat
worked its way down and across his ribs. The operation hadn't worked. He
was still here, still meat, no Molly waiting, her eyes locked on the circling
knives,  no  Armitage  waiting  in  the  Hilton  with  tickets  and  a  new  passport
and money. It was all some dream, some pathetic fantasy... Hot tears blurred
his vision.