"You  got  an  ear  for  language,  Case.  Bet  you're  part  Armenian.  That's  the
eye Armitage has had on Riviera. Help me up."

Terzibashjian  proved  to  be  a  young  man  in  a  gray  suit  and  gold-framed,
mirrored glasses. His white shirt was open at the collar, revealing a mat of
dark hair so dense that Case at first mistook it for some kind of t-shirt. He
arrived  with  a  black  Hilton  tray  arranged  with  three  tiny,  fragrant  cups  of
thick black coffee and three sticky, straw-colored Oriental sweets.

"We  must,  as  you  say  in  _Ingiliz,_  take  this  one  very  easy."  He  seemed  to
stare pointedly at Molly, but at last he removed the silver glasses. His eyes
were  a  dark  brown  that  matched  the  shade  of  his  very  short  military-cut
hair.   He   smiled.   "It   is   better,   this   way,   yes?   Else   we   make   the   _tunel_
infinity,  mirror  into  mirror...  You  particularly,"  he  said  to  her,  "must  take
care.        In        Turkey        there        is        disapproval        of        women        who        sport        such
modifications."

Molly   bit   one   of   the   pastries   in   half.   "It's   my   show,   Jack,"   she   said,   her
mouth full. She chewed, swallowed, and licked her lips. "I know about you.
Stool for the military, right?" Her hand slid lazily into the front of her jacket
and came out with the fletcher. Case hadn't known she had it.

"Very    easy,    please,"    Terzibashjian    said,    his    white    china    thimble    frozen
centimeters from his lips.

She   extended   the   gun.   "Maybe   you   get   the   explosives,   lots   of   them,   or
maybe you get a cancer. One dart, shitface. You won't feel it for months."

"Please. You call this in _Ingiliz_ making me very tight..."

"I call it a bad morning. Now tell us about your man and get your ass out of
here." She put the gun away.

"He   is   living   in   Fener,   at   Kchk   Glhane   Djaddesi   14.   I   have   his   _tunel_
route,  nightly  to  the  bazaar.  He  performs  most  recently  at  the  Yenishehir
Palas Oteli, a modern place in the style _turistik,_ but it has been arranged
that the police have shown a certain interest in these shows. The Yenishehir