Molly stepped back. She looked from one figure to another. It was a static
display,     the     only     movement     the     silent     gusting     of     the     black     trees     in
Armitage's frozen Siberian eyes.

"Tryin'~  to  tell  us  something,  Peter?"  she  asked  softly.  Then  she  stepped
forward and kicked at something between the feet of the holo-Molly. Metal
clinked against the wall and the figures were gone. She bent and picked up
a    small    display    unit.    "Guess    he    can    jack    into    these    and    program    them
direct," she said, tossing it away.

She passed the source of yellow light, an archaic incandescent globe set into
the  wall,  protected  by  a  rusty  curve  of  expansion  grating.  The  style  of  the
improvised        fixture        suggested        childhood,        somehow.        He        remembered
fortresses   he'd   built   with   other   children   on   rooftops   and   in   flooded   sub-
basements.  A  rich  kid's  hideout,  he  thought.  This  kind  of  roughness  was
expensive. What they called atmosphere.

She   passed   a   dozen   more   holograms   before   she   reached   the   entrance   to
3Jane's  apartments.  One  depicted  the  eyeless  thing  in  the  alley  behind  the
Spice Bazaar, as it tore itself free of Riviera's shattered body. Several others
were    scenes    of    torture,    the    inquisitors    always    military    officers    and    the
victims invariably young women. These had the awful intensity of Riviera's
show at the Vingtime Sicle, as though they had been frozen in the blue flash
of orgasm. Molly looked away as she passed them.

The last was small and dim, as if it were an image Riviera had had to drag
across   some   private   distance   of   memory   and   time.   She   had   to   kneel   to
examine  it;  it  had  been  projected  from  the  vantage  point  of  a  small  child.
None of the others had had backgrounds; the figures, uniforms, instruments
of torture, all had been freestanding displays. But this was a view.

A   dark   wave   of   rubble   rose   against   a   colorless   sky,   beyond   its   crest   the
bleached,     half-melted     skeletons     of     city     towers.     The     rubble     wave     was
textured  like  a  net,  rusting  steel  rods  twisted  gracefully  as  fine  string,  vast
slabs of concrete still clinging there. The foreground might once have been
a    city    square;    there    was    a    sort    of    stump,    something    that    suggested    a
fountain. At its base, the children and the soldier were frozen. The tableau