crowd wore filtration masks. Case had spent ten minutes in a urinal, trying
to  discover  a  convenient  way  to  conceal  his  cobra;  finally  he'd  settled  for
tucking  the  handle  into  the  waistband  of  his  jeans,  with  the  tube  slanting
across his stomach. The pyramidal striking tip rode between his ribcage and
the   lining   of   his   windbreaker.   The   thing   felt   like   it   might   clatter   to   the
pavement with his next step, but it made him feel better.

The Chat wasn't really a dealing bar, but on weeknights it attracted a related
clientele.    Fridays    and    Saturdays    were    different.    The    regulars    were    still
there,   most   of   them,   but   they   faded   behind   an   influx   of   sailors   and   the
specialists   who   preyed   on   them.   As   Case   pushed   through   the   doors,   he
looked  for  Ratz,  but  the  bartender  wasn't  in  sight.  Lonny  Zone,  the  bar's
resident pimp, was observing with glazed fatherly interest as one of his girls
went to work on a young sailor. Zone was addicted to a brand of hypnotic
the Japanese called Cloud Dancers. Catching the pimp's eye, Case beckoned
him  to  the  bar.  Zone  came  drifting  through  the  crowd  in  slow  motion,  his
long face slack and placid.

"You seen Wage tonight, Lonny?"

Zone regarded him with his usual calm. He shook his head.

"You sure, man?"

"Maybe in the Namban. Maybe two hours ago."

"Got  some  joeboys  with  him?  One  of  'em  thin,  dark  hair,  maybe  a  black
jacket?"

"No," Zone said at last, his smooth forehead creased to indicate the effort it
cost   him   to   recall   so   much   pointless   detail.   "Big   boys.   Graftees."   Zone's
eyes   showed   very   little   white   and   less   iris;   under   the   drooping   lids,   his
pupils   were   dilated   and   enormous.   He   stared   into   Case's   face   for   a   long
time, then lowered his gaze. He saw the bulge of the steel whip. "Cobra," he
said, and raised an eyebrow. "You wanna fuck somebody up?"

"See you, Lonny." Case left the bar.