"I  guess  I'm  not  in  any  hurry.  I  guess  it's  your  show.  But  all  this  shit,  you
know, it's getting kind of... old." He raised the gun with both hands, aiming
for the center of the desk, and pulled the trigger.

The   recoil   nearly   broke   his   wrist.   The   muzzle-flash   lit   the   office   like   a
flashbulb. With his ears ringing, he stared at the jagged hole in the front of
the desk. Explosive bullet. Azide. He raised the gun again.

"You needn't do that, old son," Julie said, stepping out of the shadows. He
wore a three-piece drape suit in silk herringbone, a striped shirt, and a bow
tie. His glasses winked in the light.

Case brought the gun around and looked down the line of sight at Deane's
pink, ageless face.

"Don't,"  Deane  said.  "You're  right.  About  what  this  all  is.  What  I  am.  But
there  are  certain  internal  logics  to  be  honored.  If  you  use  that,  you'll  see  a
lot of brains and blood, and it would take me several hours -your subjective
time -to effect another spokesperson. This set isn't easy for me to maintain.
Oh, and I'm sorry about Linda, in the arcade. I was hoping to speak through
her,   but   I'm   generating   all   this   out   of   your   memories,   and   the   emotional
charge... Well, it's very tricky. I slipped. Sorry."

Case lowered the gun. "This is the matrix. You're Wintermute."

"Yes. This is all coming to you courtesy of the simstim unit wired into your
deck, of course. I'm glad I was able to cut you off before you'd managed to
jack   out."   Deane   walked   around   the   desk,   straightened   his   chair,   and   sat
down. "Sit, old son. We have a lot to talk about."

"Do we?"

"Of course we do. We have had for some time. I was ready when I reached
you by phone in Istanbul. Time's very short now. You'll be making your run
in  a  matter  of  days,  Case."  Deane  picked  up  a  bonbon  and  stripped  off  its
checkered   wrapper,   popped   it   into   his   mouth.   "Sit,"   he   said   around   the
candy.