concentration  of  an  actual  run,  he  could  remain  jacked  in  and  still  retain
awareness of his body. It might take Sense/Net days to discover the theft of
the construct. The key would be the deflection of the Los Angeles transfer,
which  coincided  too  neatly  with  the  Modern's  terror  run.  He  doubted  that
the three security men Molly had encountered in the corridor would live to
talk about it. He flipped.

The      elevator,      with      Molly's      blackbox      taped      beside      the      control      panel,
remained  where  she'd  left  it.  The  guard  still  lay  curled  on  the  floor.  Case
noticed  the  derm  on  his  neck  for  the  first  time.  Something  of  Molly's,  to
keep  him  under.  She  stepped  over  him  and  removed  the  blackbox  before
punching LOBBY.

As   the   elevator   door   hissed   open,   a   woman   hurtled   backward   out   of   the
crowd,   into   the   elevator,   and   struck   the   rear   wall   with   her   head.   Molly
ignored her, bending over to peel the derm from the guard's neck. Then she
kicked the white pants and the pink raincoat out the door, tossing the dark
glasses after them, and drew the hood of her suit down across her forehead.
The construct, in the suit's kangaroo pocket, dug into her sternum when she
moved. She stepped out.

Case had seen panic before, but never in an enclosed area.

The  Sense/Net  employees,  spilling  out  of  the  elevators,  had  surged  for  the
street   doors,   only   to   meet   the   foam   barricades   of   the   Tacticals   and   the
sandbag-guns of the BAMA Rapids. The two agencies, convinced that they
were    containing    a    horde    of    potential    killers,    were    cooperating    with    an
uncharacteristic degree of efficiency. Beyond the shattered wreckage of the
main   street   doors,   bodies   were   piled   three   deep   on   the   barricades.   The
hollow  thumping  of  the  riot  guns  provided  a  constant  background  for  the
sound the crowd made as it surged back and forth across the lobby's marble
floor. Case had never heard anything like that sound.

Neither, apparently, had Molly. "Jesus," she said, and hesitated. It was a sort
of keening, rising into a bubbling wail of raw and total fear. The lobby floor
was    covered    with    bodies,    clothing,    blood,    and    long    trampled    scrolls    of
yellow printout.