"Haven't ever told anybody this one," the Finn began.

The Finn was a fence, a trafficker in stolen goods, primarily in software. In
the    course    of    his    business,    he    sometimes    came    into    contact    with    other
fences, some of whom dealt in the more traditional articles of the trade. In
precious  metals,  stamps,  rare  coins,  gems,  jewelry,  furs,  and  paintings  and
other  works  of  art.  The  story  he  told  Case  and  Molly  began  with  another
man's story, a man he called Smith.

Smith was also a fence, but in balmier seasons he surfaced as an art dealer.
He   was   the   first   person   the   Finn   had   known   who'd   "gone   silicon"   -the
phrase had an old-fashioned ring for Case -and the microsofts he purchased
were   art   history   programs   and   tables   of   gallery   sales.   With   half   a   dozen
chips     in     his     new     socket,     Smith's     knowledge     of     the     art     business     was
formidable, at least by the standards of his colleagues. But Smith had come
to the Finn with a request for help, a fraternal request, one businessman to
another. He wanted a go-to on the Tessier-Ashpool clan, he said, and it had
to    be    executed    in    a    way    that    would    guarantee    the    impossibility    of    the
subject ever tracing the inquiry to its source. It might be possible, the Finn
had   opined,   but   an   explanation   was   definitely   required.   "It   smelled,"   the
Finn  said  to  Case,  "smelled  of  money.  And  Smith  was  being  very  careful.
Almost too careful."

Smith,   it   developed,   had   had   a   supplier   known   as   Jimmy.   Jimmy   was   a
burglar  and  other  things  as  well,  and  just  back  from  a  year  in  high  orbit,
having carried certain things back down the gravity well. The most unusual
thing  Jimmy  had  managed  to  score  on  his  swing  through  the  archipelago
was   a   head,   an   intricately   worked   bust,   cloisonn   over   platinum,   studded
with     seedpearls     and     lapis.     Smith,     sighing,     had     put     down     his     pocket
microscope        and        advised        Jimmy        to        melt        the        thing        down.        It        was
contemporary,   not   an   antique,   and   had   no   value   to   the   collector.   Jimmy
laughed. The thing was a computer terminal, he said. It could talk. And not
in  a  synth-voice,  but  with  a  beautiful  arrangement  of  gears  and  miniature
organ    pipes.    It    was    a    baroque    thing    for    anyone    to    have    constructed,    a
perverse   thing,   because   synth-voice   chips   cost   next   to   nothing.   It   was   a
curiosity.    Smith    jacked    the    head    into    his    computer    and    listened    as    the
melodious, inhuman voice piped the figures of last year's tax return.