"You  aren't  anything,"  he  said  to  the  sleeping  girl.  "You're  dead  and  you
meant fuck-all to me anyway. Hear that, buddy? I know what you're doing.
I'm flatlined. This has all taken about twenty seconds, right? I'm out on my
ass  in  that  library  and  my  brain's  dead.  And  pretty  soon  it'll  _be_  dead,  if
you got any sense. You don't want Wintermute to pull his scam off, is all, so
you  can  just  hang  me  up  here.  Dixie'll  run  Kuang,  but  his  ass  is  dead  and
you can second guess his moves, sure. This Linda shit, yeah, that's all been
you,   hasn't   it?   Wintermute   tried   to   use   her   when   he   sucked   me   into   the
Chiba construct, but he couldn't. Said it was too tricky. That was you moved
the  stars  around  in  Freeside,  wasn't  it?  That  was  you  put  her  face  on  the
dead  puppet  in  Ashpool's  room.  Molly  never  saw  that.  You  just  edited  her
simstim signal. 'Cause you think you can hurt me. 'Cause you think I gave a
shit. Well, fuck you, whatever you're called. You won. You win. But none of
it means anything to me now, right? Think I care? So why'd you do it to me
this way?" He was shaking again, his voice shrill.

"Honey,"  she  said,  twisting  up  from  the  rags  of  blankets,  "you  come  here
and sleep. I'll sit up, you want. You gotta sleep, okay?" Her soft accent was
exaggerated with sleep. "You just sleep, okay?"

When  he  woke,  she  was  gone.  The  fire  was  dead,  but  it  was  warm  in  the
bunker, sunlight slanting through the doorway to throw a crooked rectangle
of  gold  on  the  ripped  side  of  a  fat  fiber  canister.  The  thing  was  a  shipping
container, he remembered them from the Chiba docks. Through the rent in
its  side,  he  could  see  half  a  dozen  bright  yellow  packets.  In  the  sunlight,
they  looked  like  giant  pats  of  butter.  His  stomach  tightened  with  hunger.
Rolling out of the nest, he went to the canister and fished one of the things
out,  blinking  at  small  print  in  a  dozen  languages.  The  English  was  on  the
bottom.  EMERG.~  RATION,  HI-PRO,  "BEEF',  TYPE  AG-8.  A  listing  of
nutritive content. He fumbled a second one out. "EGGS'. "If you're making
this   shit   up,"   he   said,   "you   could   lay   on   some   real   food,   okay?"   With   a
packet in either hand, he made his way through the structure's four rooms.
Two were empty, aside from drifts of sand, and the fourth held three more
of the ration canisters. "Sure," he said touching the seals. "Stay here a long
time. I get the idea. Sure..."