He  stepped  out  and  caught  sight  of  a  white  holographic  cigar  suspended
against  the  wall  of  the  station,  FREESIDE  pulsing  beneath  it  in  contorted
capitals that mimicked printed Japanese. He walked through the crowd and
stood beneath it, studying the thing. WHY WAIT? pulsed the sign. A blunt
white spindle, flanged and studded with grids and radiators, docks, domes.
He'd seen the ad, or others like it, thousands of times. It had never appealed
to  him.  With  his  deck,  he  could  reach  the  Freeside  banks  as  easily  as  he
could reach Atlanta. Travel was a meat thing. But now he noticed the little
sigil,  the  size  of  a  small  coin,  woven  into  the  lower  left  corner  of  the  ad's
fabric of light: T-A.

He walked back to the loft, lost in memories of the Flatline. He'd spent most
of his nineteenth summer in the Gentleman Loser, nursing expensive beers
and  watching  the  cowboys.  He'd  never  touched  a  deck,  then,  but  he  knew
what   he   wanted.   There   were   at   least   twenty   other   hopefuls   ghosting   the
Loser, that summer, each one bent on working joeboy for some cowboy. No
other way to learn.

They'd   all   heard   of   Pauley,   the   redneck   jockey   from   the   'Lanta   fringes,
who'd  survived  braindeath  behind  black  ice.  The  grapevine  -slender,  street
level, and the only one going -had little to say about Pauley, other than that
he'd done the impossible. "It was big," another would-be told Case, for the
price of a beer, "but who knows what? I hear maybe a Brazilian payroll net.
Anyway,  the  man  was  dead,  flat  down  braindeath."  Case  stared  across  the
crowded  bar  at  a  thickset  man  in  shirtsleeves,  something  leaden  about  the
shade of his skin.

"Boy,"  the  Flatline  would  tell  him,  months  later  in  Miami,  "I'm  like  them
huge fuckin'~ lizards, you know? Had themself two goddam brains, one in
the head an'~ one by the tailbone, kept the hind legs movin'~. Hit that black
stuff and ol'~ tailbrain jus'~ kept right on keepin'~ on."

The  cowboy  elite  in  the  Loser  shunned  Pauley  out  of  some  strange  group
anxiety, almost a superstition. McCoy Pauley, Lazarus of cyberspace...

And   his   heart   had   done   for   him   in   the   end.   His   surplus   Russian   heart,
implanted in a POW camp during the war. He'd refused to replace the thing,
saying  he  needed  its  particular  beat  to  maintain  his  sense  of  timing.  Case