"Lupus Yonderboy. Had a message." He passed her a paper napkin with W I
N T E R M U T E printed in red feltpen in his neat, laborious capitals. "He
said --" But her hand came up in the jive for silence.

"Get us some crab," she said.

After   lunch   in   Baltimore,   Molly   dissecting   her   crab   with   alarming   ease,
they tubed in to New York. Case had learned not to ask questions; they only
brought  the  sign  for  silence.  Her  leg  seemed  to  be  bothering  her,  and  she
seldom spoke.

A  thin  black  child  with  wooden  beads  and  antique  resistors  woven  tightly
into her hair opened the Finn's door and led them along the tunnel of refuse.
Case   felt   the   stuff   had   grown   somehow   during   their   absence.   Or   else   it
seemed that it was changing subtly, cooking itself down under the pressure
of time, silent invisible flakes settling to form a mulch, a crystalline essence
of discarded technology, flowering secretly in the Sprawl's waste places.

Beyond the army blanket, the Finn waited at the white table.

Molly began to sign rapidly, produced a scrap of paper, wrote something on
it,   and   passed   it   to   the   Finn.   He   took   it   between   thumb   and   forefinger,
holding it away from his body as though it might explode. He made a sign
Case   didn't   know,   one   that   conveyed   a   mixture   of   impatience   and   glum
resignation.  He  stood  up,  brushing  crumbs  from  the  front  of  his  battered
tweed jacket. A glass jar of pickled herring stood on the table beside a torn
plastic    package    of    flatbread    and    a    tin    ashtray    piled    with    the    butts    of
Partagas.

"Wait," the Finn said, and left the room.

Molly took his place, extruded the blade from her index finger, and speared
a    grayish    slab    of    herring.    Case    wandered    aimlessly    around    the    room,
fingering the scanning gear on the pylons as he passed.

Ten minutes and the Finn came bustling back, showing his teeth in a wide
yellow  smile.  He  nodded,  gave  Molly  a  thumbs  up  salute,  and  gestured  to
Case   to   help   him   with   the   door   panel.   While   Case   smoothed   the   velcro