He was flat on his back on the library floor, below the monitor. The Zionite
helped him sit up, but the movement threw him into the savage rush of the
betaphenethylamine,       the       blue       derms       burning       against       his       left       wrist.
"Overdose," he managed.

"Come  on,  mon,"  the  strong  hands  beneath  his  armpits,  lifting  him  like  a
child, "I an'~ I mus'~ go."

22

The   service   cart   was   crying.   The   betaphenethylamine   gave   it   a   voice.   It
wouldn't   stop.   Not   in   the   crowded   gallery,   the   long   corridors,   not   as   it
passed the black glass entrance to the T-A crypt, the vaults where the cold
had seeped so gradually into old Ashpool's dreams.

The    transit    was    an    extended    rush    for    Case,    the    movement    of    the    cart
indistinguishable   from   the   insane   momentum   of   the   overdose.   When   the
cart  died,  at  last,  something  beneath  the  seat  giving  up  with  a  shower  of
white sparks, the crying stopped.

The   thing   coasted   to   a   stop   three   meters   from   the   start   of   3Jane's   pirate
cave.

"How    far,    mon?"    Maelcum    helped    him    from    the    sputtering    cart    as    an
integral  extinguisher  exploded  in  the  thing's  engine  compartment,  gouts  of
yellow     powder     squirting     from     louvers     and     service     points.     The     Braun
tumbled from the back of the seat and hobbled off across the imitation sand,
dragging   one   useless   limb   behind   it.   "You   mus'~   walk,   mon."   Maelcum
took the deck and construct, slinging the shock cords over his shoulder.

The trodes rattled around Case's neck as he followed the Zionite. Riviera's
holos  waited  for  them,  the  torture  scenes  and  the  cannibal  children.  Molly
had broken the triptych. Maelcum ignored them.

"Easy,"   Case   said,   forcing   himself   to   catch   up   with   the   striding   figure.
"Gotta do this right."