fixtures   held   globes   of   white   light   at   ten-meter   intervals.   The   floor   was
uneven, and as she set off along the corridor, Case realized that hundreds of
small rugs and carpets had been put down at random. In some places, they
were six deep, the floor a soft patchwork of handwoven wool.

Molly paid little attention to the cabinets and their contents, which irritated
him.  He  had  to  satisfy  himself  with  her  disinterested  glances,  which  gave
him fragments of pottery antique weapons, a thing so densely studded with
rusted nails that it was unrecognizable, frayed sections of tapestry.

"My  Johnny,  see,  he  was  smart,  real  flash  boy.  Started  out  as  a  stash  on
Memory Lane, chips in his head and people paid to hide data there. Had the
Yak after him, night I met him, and I did for their assassin. More luck than
anything else but I did for him. And after that, it was tight and sweet, Case."
Her  lips  barely  moved.  He  felt  her  form  the  words,  he  didn't  need  to  hear
them  spoken  aloud.  "We  had  a  set-up  with  a  squid,  so  we  could  read  the
traces   of   everything   he'd   ever   stored.   Ran   it   all   out   on   tape   and   started
twisting selected clients, ex-clients. I was bagman, muscle, watchdog. I was
real    happy.    You    ever    been    happy,    Case?    He    was    my    boy.    We    worked
together. Partners. I was maybe eight weeks out of the puppet house when I
met him..." She paused, edged around a sharp turn, and continued. More of
the glossy wooden cases, their sides a color that reminded him of cockroach
wings.

"Tight, sweet, just ticking along, we were. Like nobody could ever touch us.
I  wasn't  going  to  let  them.  Yakuza.  I  guess,  they  still  wanted  Johnny's  ass.
'Cause I'd killed their man. 'Cause Johnny'd burned them. And the Yak, they
can afford to move so fucking slow, man, they'll wait years and years. Give
you a whole life, just so you'll have more to lose when they come and take
it away. Patient like a spider. Zen spiders.

"~I  didn't  know  that,  then.  Or  if  I  did.  I  figured  it  didn't  apply  to  us.  Like
when you're young, you figure you're unique. I was young. Then they came,
when we were thinking we maybe had enough to be able to quit, pack it in,
go  to  Europe  maybe.  Not  that  either  of  us  knew  what  we'd  do  there,  with
nothing to do. But we were living fat. Swiss orbital accounts and a crib full
of toys and furniture. Takes the edge off your game.