"They   don't   have   climate,   just   weather,"   Armitage   said.   "Here.   Read   the
brochure." He put something on the coffee table and stood.

"Did Riviera check out okay? Where's the Finn?"

"Riviera's  fine.  The  Finn  is  on  his  way  home."  Armitage  smiled,  a  smile
that meant as much as the twitch of some insect's antenna. His gold bracelet
clinked  as  he  reached  out  to  prod  Case  in  the  chest.  "Don't  get  too  smart.
Those little sacs are starting to show wear, but you don't know how much."

Case kept his face very still and forced himself to nod.

When    Armitage    was    gone,    he    picked    up    one    of    the    brochures.    It    was
expensively printed, in French, English, and Turkish.

FREESIDE -WHY WAIT?

The  four  of  them  were  booked  on  a  _THY_  flight  out  of  Yesilky  airport.
Transfer at Paris to the _JAL_ shuttle. Case sat in the lobby of the Istanbul
Hilton and watched Riviera browse bogus Byzantine fragments in the glass-
walled gift shop. Armitage, his trenchcoat draped over his shoulders like a
cape, stood in the shop's entrance.

Riviera   was   slender,   blond,   soft-voiced,   his   English   accentless   and   fluid.
Molly said he was thirty, but it would have been difficult to guess his age.
She  also  said  he  was  legally  stateless  and  traveled  under  a  forged  Dutch
passport.  He  was  a  product  of  the  rubble  rings  that  fringe  the  radioactive
core of old Bonn.

Three  smiling  Japanese  tourists  bustled  into  the  shop,  nodding  politely  to
Armitage. Armitage crossed the floor of the shop too quickly, too obviously,
to  stand  beside  Riviera.  Riviera  turned  and  smiled.  He  was  very  beautiful;
Case assumed the features were the work of a Chiba surgeon. A subtle job,
nothing  like  Armitage's  blandly  handsome  blend  of  pop  faces.  The  man's
forehead was high and smooth, gray eyes calm and distant. His nose, which
might   have   been   too   nicely   sculpted,   seemed   to   have   been   broken   and
clumsily reset. The suggestion of brutality offset the delicacy of his jaw and