edge     and     he     saw     that     in     fact     the     steel     was     sheathed     with     panels     of
something  that  looked  and  felt  like  cold  stone.  She  knelt  and  touched  the
dark  sand  spread  across  the  floor  of  the  imitation  tunnel.  It  felt  like  sand,
cool and dry, but when she drew her finger through it, it closed like a fluid,
leaving  the  surface  undisturbed.  A  dozen  meters  ahead,  the  tunnel  curved.
Harsh  yellow  light  threw  hard  shadows  on  the  seamed  pseudo-rock  of  the
walls.    With    a    start,    Case    realized    that    the    gravity    here    was    near    earth
normal,  which  meant  that  she'd  had  to  descend  again,  after  the  climb.  He
was  thoroughly  lost  now;  spatial  disorientation  held  a  peculiar  horror  for
cowboys.

But she wasn't lost, he told himself.

Something scurried between her legs and went ticking across the un-sand of
the floor. A red LED blinked. The Braun.

The  first  of  the  holos  waited  just  beyond  the  curve,  a  sort  of  triptych.  She
lowered the fletcher before Case had had time to realize that the thing was a
recording.   The   figures   were   caricatures   in   light,   lifesize   cartoons:   Molly,
Armitage,  and  Case.  Molly's  breasts  were  too  large,  visible  through  tight
black    mesh    beneath    a    heavy    leather    jacket.    Her    waist    was    impossibly
narrow.     Silvered     lenses     covered     half     her     face.     She     held     an     absurdly
elaborate weapon of some kind, a pistol shape nearly lost beneath a flanged
overlay of scope sights, silencers, flash hiders. Her legs were spread, pelvis
canted   forward,   her   mouth   fixed   in   a   leer   of   idiotic   cruelty.   Beside   her,
Armitage stood rigidly at attention in a threadbare khaki uniform. His eyes,
Case  saw,  as  Molly  stepped  carefully  forward,  were  tiny  monitor  screens,
each  one  displaying  the  blue-gray  image  of  a  howling  waste  of  snow,  the
stripped black trunks of evergreens bending in silent winds.

She  passed  the  tips  of  her  fingers  through  Armitage's  television  eyes,  then
turned to the figure of Case. Here, it was as if Riviera -and Case had known
instantly   that   Riviera   was   responsible   -had   been   unable   to   find   anything
worthy  of  parody.  The  figure  that  slouched  there  was  a  fair  approximation
of the one he glimpsed daily in mirrors. Thin, high-shouldered, a forgettable
face beneath short dark hair. He needed a shave, but then he usually did.