_Garvey_'s   airlock   hatch   was   patched   and   pitted,   decorated   with   a   laser-
carved Lion of Zion. _Haniwa_'s midbay hatch was creamy gray, blank and
pristine. Maelcum inserted his gloved hand in a narrow recess. Case saw his
fingers  move.  Red  LEDs  came  to  life  in  the  recess,  counting  down  from
fifty. Maelcum withdrew his hand. Case, with one glove braced against the
hatch, felt the vibration of the lock mechanism through his suit and bones.
The     round     segment     of     gray     hull     began     to     withdraw     into     the     side     of
_Haniwa._  Maelcum  grabbed  the  recess  with  one  hand  and  Case  with  the
other. The lock took them with it.

_Haniwa_ was a product of the Dornier-Fujitsu yards, her interior informed
by  a  design  philosophy  similar  to  the  one  that  had  produced  the  Mercedes
that had chauffeured them through Istanbul. The narrow midbay was walled
in  imitation  ebony  veneer  and  floored  with  gray  Italian  tiles.  Case  felt  as
though he were invading some rich man's private spa by way of the shower.
The yacht, which had been assembled in orbit, had never been intended for
re-entry.    Her    smooth,    wasplike    line    was    simply    styling,    and    everything
about her interior was calculated to add to the overall impression of speed.

When Maelcum removed his battered helmet, Case followed his lead. They
hung there in the lock, breathing air that smelled faintly of pine. Under it, a
disturbing edge of burning insulation.

Maelcum sniffed. "Trouble here, mon. Any boat, you smell that..."

A    door,    padded    with    dark    gray    ultrasuede,    slid    smoothly    back    into    its
housing. Maelcum kicked off the ebony wall and sailed neatly through the
narrow opening, twisting his broad shoulders, at the last possible instant, for
clearance. Case followed him clumsily, hand over hand, along a waist-high
padded        rail.        "Bridge,"        Maelcum        said,        pointing        down        a        seamless,
creamwalled      corridor,      "be      there."      He      launched      himself      with      another
effortless kick. From somewhere ahead, Case made out the familiar chatter
of a printer turning out hard copy. It grew louder as he followed Maelcum
through   another   doorway,   into   a   swirling   mass   of   tangled   printout.   Case
snatched a length of twisted paper and glanced at it.

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0