The floodlight never wavered.

The  back  of  the  fallen  man's  jacket  heaved  and  burst,  blood  splashing  the
wall  and  doorway.  A  pair  of  impossibly  long,  rope-tendoned  arms  flexed
grayish-pink   in   the   glare.   The   thing   seemed   to   pull   itself   up   out   of   the
pavement, through the inert, bloody ruin that had been Riviera. It was two
meters  tall,  stood  on  two  legs,  and  seemed  to  be  headless.  Then  it  swung
slowly  to  face  them,  and  Case  saw  that  it  had  a  head,  but  no  neck.  It  was
eyeless,   the   skin   gleaming   a   wet   intestinal   pink.   The   mouth,   if   it   was   a
mouth,  was  circular,  conical,  shallow,  and  lined  with  a  seething  growth  of
hairs or bristles, glittering like black chrome. It kicked the rags of clothing
and  flesh  aside  and  took  a  step,  the  mouth  seeming  to  scan  for  them  as  it
moved.

Terzibashjian said something in Greek or Turkish and rushed the thing, his
arms   spread   like   a   man   attempting   to   dive   through   a   window.   He   went
through it. Into the muzzle-flash of a pistol from the dark beyond the circle
of  light.  Fragments  of  rock  whizzed  past  Case's  head;  the  Finn  jerked  him
down into a crouch.

The      light      from      the      rooftop      vanished,      leaving      him      with      mismatched
afterimages of muzzle-flash, monster, and white beam. His ears rang.

Then the light returned, bobbing now, searching the shadows. Terzibashjian
was leaning against a steel door, his face very white in the glare. He held his
left wrist and watched blood drip from a wound in his left hand. The blond
man, whole again, unbloodied, lay at his feet.

Molly   stepped   out   of   the   shadows,   all   in   black,   with   her   fletcher   in   her
hand.

"Use the radio," the Armenian said, through gritted teeth. "Call in Mahmut.
We must get him out of here. This is not a good place."

"Little prick nearly made it," the Finn said, his knees cracking loudly as he
stood    up,    brushing    ineffectually    at    the    legs    of    his    trousers.    "You    were
watching  the  horror-show,  right?  Not  the  hamburger  that  got  tossed  out  of