he'd  done.  The  impact  with  pavement  drove  dull  rods  of  pain  through  his
shins.

A  narrow  wedge  of  light  from  a  half-open  service  hatch  framed  a  heap  of
discarded  fiberoptics  and  the  chassis  of  a  junked  console.  He'd  fallen  face
forward on a slab of soggy chipboard; he rolled over, into the shadow of the
console.  The  cubicle's  window  was  a  square  of  faint  light.  The  alarm  still
oscillated, louder here, the rear wall dulling the roar of the games.

A  head  appeared,  framed  in  the  window,  backlit  by  the  fluorescents  in  the
corridor,  then  vanished.  It  returned,  but  he  still  couldn't  read  the  features.
Glint of silver across the eyes. "Shit," someone said, a woman, in the accent
of the northern Sprawl.

The head was gone. Case lay under the console for a long count of twenty,
then  stood  up.  The  steel  cobra  was  still  in  his  hand,  and  it  took  him  a  few
seconds to remember what it was. He limped away down the alley, nursing
his left ankle.

Shin's pistol was a fifty-year-old Vietnamese imitation of a South American
copy  of  a  Walther  PPK,  double-action  on  the  first  shot,  with  a  very  rough
pull. It was chambered for .22 long rifle, and Case would've preferred lead
azide   explosives   to   the   simple   Chinese   hollowpoints   Shin   had   sold   him.
Still, it was a handgun and nine rounds of ammunition, and as he made his
way down Shiga from the sushi stall he cradled it in his jacket pocket. The
grips were bright red plastic molded in a raised dragon motif, something to
run   your   thumb   across   in   the   dark.   He'd   consigned   the   cobra   to   a   dump
canister on Ninsei and dry-swallowed another octagon.

The pill lit his circuits and he rode the rush down Shiga to Ninsei, then over
to Baiitsu. His tail, he'd decided, was gone, and that was fine. He had calls
to make, biz to transact, and it wouldn't wait. A block down Baiitsu, toward
the  port,  stood  a  featureless  ten-story  office  building  in  ugly  yellow  brick.
Its  windows  were  dark  now,  but  a  faint  glow  from  the  roof  was  visible  if
you  craned  your  neck.  An  unlit  neon  sign  near  the  main  entrance  offered
CHEAP   HOTEL   under   a   cluster   of   ideograms.   If   the   place   had   another
name,  Case  didn't  know  it;  it  was  always  referred  to  as  Cheap  Hotel.  You
reached it through an alley off Baiitsu, where an elevator waited at the foot