having   lived   in   any   other   room."   The   room's   walls   were   yellowed   white
plaster. It contained two pieces of furniture. One was a plain wooden chair,
the other an iron bedstead painted white. The paint had chipped and flaked,
revealing the black iron. The mattress on the bed was bare. Stained ticking
with faded brown stripes. A single bulb dangled above the bed on a twisted
length of black wire. Case could see the thick coating of dust on the bulb's
upper curve. Riviera opened his eyes.

"I'd  been  alone  in  the  room,  always."  He  sat  on  the  chair,  facing  the  bed.
The  blue  coals  still  burned  in  the  black  flower  on  his  lapel.  "I  don't  know
when I first began to dream of her," he said, "but I do remember that at first
she was only a haze, a shadow."

There was something on the bed. Case blinked. Gone.

"I  couldn't  quite  hold  her,  hold  her  in  my  mind.  But  I  wanted  to  hold  her,
hold     her     and     more..."     His     voice     carried     perfectly     in     the     hush     of     the
restaurant.     Ice     clicked     against     the     side     of     a     glass.     Someone     giggled.
Someone  else  asked  a  whispered  question  in  Japanese.  "I  decided  that  if  I
could  visualize  some  part  of  her,  only  a  small  part,  if  I  could  see  that  part
perfectly, in the most perfect detail..."

A woman's hand lay on the mattress now, palm up, the white fingers pale.

Riviera  leaned  forward,  picked  up  the  hand,  and  began  to  stroke  it  gently.
The fingers moved. Riviera raised the hand to his mouth and began to lick
the tips of the fingers. The nails were coated with a burgundy lacquer.

A  hand,  Case  saw,  but  not  a  severed  hand;  the  skin  swept  back  smoothly,
unbroken  and  unscarred.  He  remembered  a  tattooed  lozenge  of  vatgrown
flesh in the window of a Ninsei surgical boutique. Riviera was holding the
hand to his lips, licking its palm. The fingers tentatively caressed his face.
But  now  a  second  hand  lay  on  the  bed.  When  Riviera  reached  for  it,  the
fingers   of   the   first   were   locked   around   his   wrist,   a   bracelet   of   flesh   and
bone.

The act progressed with a surreal internal logic of its own. The arms were
next.  Feet.  Legs.  The  legs  were  very  beautiful.  Case's  head  throbbed.  His