"He likes hotels. Big ones. Near airports, if he can manage it. Let's go down
to  the  street."  She'd  zipped  herself  into  an  old  surplus  vest  with  a  dozen
oddly shaped pockets and put on a huge pair of black plastic sunglasses that
completely covered her mirrored insets.

"You know about that toxin shit, before?" he asked her, by the fountain. She
shook her head. "You think it's true?"

"Maybe, maybe not. Works either way."

"You know any way I can find out?"

"No," she said, her right hand coming up to form the jive for silence. "That
kind  of  kink's  too  subtle  to  show  up  on  a  scan."  Then  her  fingers  moved
again: wait. "And you don't care that much anyway. I saw you stroking that
Sendai; man, it was pornographic." She laughed.

"So what's he got on you? How's he got the working girl kinked?"

"Professional pride, baby, that's all." And again the sign for silence. "We're
gonna  get  some  breakfast,  okay?  Eggs,  real  bacon.  Probably  kill  you,  you
been eating that rebuilt Chiba krill for so long. Yeah, come on, we'll tube in
to Manhattan and get us a real breakfast."

Lifeless    neon    spelled    out    METRO    HOLOGRAFIX    in    dusty    capitals    of
glass  tubing.  Case  picked  at  a  shred  of  bacon  that  had  lodged  between  his
front teeth. He'd given up asking her where they were going and why; jabs
in the ribs and the sign for silence were all he'd gotten in reply. She talked
about    the    season's    fashions,    about    sports,    about    a    political    scandal    in
California he'd never heard of.

He  looked  around  the  deserted  dead  end  street.  A  sheet  of  newsprint  went
cartwheeling past the intersection. Freak winds in the East side; something
to  do  with  convection,  and  an  overlap  in  the  domes.  Case  peered  through
the  window  at  the  dead  sign.  Her  Sprawl  wasn't  his  Sprawl,  he  decided.
She'd led him through a dozen bars and clubs he'd never seen before, taking
care of business, usually with no more than a nod. Maintaining connections.