tenmeter  circle  of  flooring  that  sank  away  into  a  harsh  glare  of  arc  lamps.
The  red  drone  waited  patiently  at  the  edge  of  the  hole  left  by  the  elevator
panel.

Then  she  was  off  after  the  Braun,  threading  her  way  between  a  forest  of
welded steel struts. The Braun winked its LED steadily, beckoning her on.

"How you doin'~, Case? You back in _Garvey_ with Maelcum? Sure. And
jacked  into  this.  I  like  it,  you  know?  Like  I've  always  talked  to  myself,  in
my     head,     when     I've     been     in     tight     spots.     Pretend     I     got     some     friend,
somebody  I  can  trust,  and  I'll  tell  'em  what  I  really  think,  what  I  feel  like,
and  then  I'll  pretend  they're  telling  me  what  they  think  about  that,  and  I'll
just  go  along  that  way.  Having  you  in  is  kinda  like  that.  That  scene  with
Ashpool..."  She  gnawed  at  her  lower  lip,  swinging  around  a  strut,  keeping
the drone in sight. "I was expecting something maybe a little less gone, you
know?  I  mean,  these  guys  are  all  batshit  in  here,  like  they  got  luminous
messages scrawled across the inside of their foreheads or something. I don't
like the way it looks, I don't like the way it smells..."

The drone was hoisting itself up a nearly invisible ladder of U-shaped steel
rungs, toward a narrow dark opening. "And while I'm feeling confessional,
baby, I gotta admit maybe I never much expected to make it out of this one
anyway. Been on this bad roll for a while, and you're the only good change
come  down  since  I  signed  on  with  Armitage."  She  looked  up  at  the  black
circle.   The   drone's   LED   winked,   climbing.   "Not   that   you're   all   that   shit
hot." She smiled, but it was gone too quickly, and she gritted her teeth at the
stabbing  pain  in  her  leg  as  she  began  to  climb.  The  ladder  continued  up
through a metal tube, barely wide enough for her shoulders.

She was climbing up out of gravity, toward the weightless axis.

Her chip pulsed the time.

04:23:04.

It   had   been   a   long   day.   The   clarity   of   her   sensorium   cut   the   bite   of   the
betaphenethylamine, but Case could still feel it. He preferred the pain in her
leg.