over   the   edge   for   good   and   all,   little   3Jane   figured   a   way   to   fiddle   the
program   that   controlled   his   cryogenic   system.   Subtle,   too.   So   basically,
_she_ killed him. Except he figured he'd killed himself, and your friend the
avenging angel figures she got him with an eyeball full of shellfish juice."
The   Finn   flicked   his   butt   away   into   the   matrix   below.   "Well,   actually,   I
guess I did give 3Jane the odd hint, a little of the old how to, you know?"

"Wintermute,"  Case  said,  choosing  the  words  carefully,  "you  told  me  you
were just a part of something else. Later on, you said you wouldn't exist, if
the run goes off and Molly gets the word into the right slot."

The Finn's streamlined skull nodded.

"Okay, then who we gonna be dealing with then? If Armitage is dead, and
you're gonna be gone, just who exactly is going to tell me how to get these
fucking toxin sacs out of my system? Who's going to get Molly back out of
there?  I  mean,  where,  where  exactly,  are  all  our  asses  gonna  _be,_  we  cut
you loose from the hardwiring?"

The     Finn     took     a     wooden     toothpick     from     his     pocket     and     regarded     it
critically,   like   a   surgeon   examining   a   scalpel.   "Good   question,"   he   said,
finally.        "You        know        salmon?        Kinda        fish?        These        fish,        see,        they're
_compelled_ to swim upstream. Got it?"

"No," Case said.

"Well, I'm under compulsion myself. And I don't know why. If I were gonna
subject   you   to   my   very   own   thoughts,   let's   call   'em   speculations,   on   the
topic, it would take a couple of your lifetimes. Because I've given it a lot of
thought.  And  I  just  don't  know.  But  when  this  is  over,  we  do  it  right,  I'm
gonna be part of something bigger. Much bigger," The Finn glanced up and
around the matrix. "But the parts of me that are me now, that'll still be here.
And you'll get your payoff."

Case   fought   back   an   insane   urge   to   punch   himself   forward   and   get   his
fingers  around  the  figure's  throat,  just  above  the  ragged  knot  in  the  rusty
scarf. His thumbs deep in the Finn's larynx.