and   Corto's   team   had   dropped   in   in   Nightwing   microlights,   their   wings
snapping    taut    in    moonlight,    reflected    in    jags    of    silver    along    the    rivers
Angara    and    Podhamennaya,    the    last    light    Corto    would    see    for    fifteen
months.    Case    tried    to    imagine    the    microlights    blossoming    out    of    their
launch capsules, high above a frozen steppe.

"They sure as hell did shaft you, boss," Case said, and Molly stirred beside
him.

The  microlights  had  been  unarmed,  stripped  to  compensate  for  the  weight
of  a  console  operator,  a  prototype  deck,  and  a  virus  program  called  Mole
IX, the first true virus in the history of cybernetics. Corto and his team had
been training for the run for three years. They were through the ice, ready to
inject Mole IX, when the emps went off. The Russian pulse guns threw the
jockeys   into   electronic   darkness;   the   Nightwings   suffered   systems   crash,
flight circuitry wiped clean.

Then the lasers opened up, aiming on infrared, taking out the fragile, radar-
transparent assault planes, and Corto and his dead console man fell out of a
Siberian sky. Fell and kept falling...

There     were     gaps     in     the     story,     here,     where     Case     scanned     documents
concerning the flight of a commandeered Russian gunship that managed to
reach  Finland.  To  be  gutted,  as  it  landed  in  a  spruce  grove,  by  an  antique
twenty-millimeter  cannon  manned  by  a  cadre  of  reservists  on  dawn  alert.
Screaming    Fist    had    ended    for    Corto    on    the    outskirts    of    Helsinki,    with
Finnish  paramedics  sawing  him  out  of  the  twisted  belly  of  the  helicopter.
The war ended nine days later, and Corto was shipped to a military facility
in Utah, blind, legless, and missing most of his jaw. It took eleven months
for  the  Congressional  aide  to  find  him  there.  He  listened  to  the  sound  of
tubes  draining.  In  Washington  and  McLean,  the  show  trials  were  already
underway.    The    Pentagon    and    the    CIA    were    being    Balkanized,    partially
dismantled,  and  a  Congressional  investigation  had  focused  on  Screaming
Fist. Ripe for watergating, the aide told Corto.

He'd  need  eyes,  legs,  and  extensive  cosmetic  work,  the  aide  said,  but  that
could     be     arranged.     New     plumbing,     the     man     added,     squeezing     Corto's
shoulder through the sweat-damp sheet.