"'Cause, if I'd stayed, I might have killed Riviera."

"Why?"

"What he did to me. The show."

"I don't get it."

"This  cost  a  lot,"  she  said,  extending  her  right  hand  as  though  it  held  an
invisible  fruit.  The  five  blades  slid  out,  then  retracted  smoothly.  "Costs  to
go to Chiba, costs to get the surgery, costs to have them jack your nervous
system up so you'll have the reflexes to go with the gear... You know how I
got the money, when I was starting out? Here. Not here, but a place like it,
in the Sprawl. Joke, to start with, 'cause once they plant the cut-out chip, it
seems like free money. Wake up sore, sometimes, but that's it. Renting the
goods, is all. You aren't in, when it's all happening. House has software for
whatever a customer wants to pay for..." She cracked her knuckles. "Fine. I
was getting my money. Trouble was, the cut-out and the circuitry the Chiba
clinics put in weren't compatible. So the worktime started bleeding in, and I
could   remember   it...   But   it   was   just   bad   dreams,   and   not   all   bad."   She
smiled. "Then it started getting strange." She pulled his cigarettes from his
pocket and lit one. "The house found out what I was doing with the money.
I had the blades in, but the fine neuromotor work would take another three
trips. No way I was ready to give up puppet time." She inhaled, blew out a
stream  of  smoke,  capping  it  with  three  perfect  rings.  "So  the  bastard  who
ran  the  place,  he  had  some  custom  software  cooked  up.  Berlin,  that's  the
place for snuff, you know? Big market for mean kicks, Berlin. I never knew
who  wrote  the  program  they  switched  me  to,  but  it  was  based  on  all  the
classics."

"They  knew  you  were  picking  up  on  this  stuff?  That  you  were  conscious
while you were working?"

"I   wasn't   conscious.   It's   like   cyberspace,   but   blank.   Silver.   It   smells   like
rain... You can see yourself orgasm, it's like a little nova right out on the rim
of  space.  But  I  was  starting  to  _remember._  Like  dreams,  you  know.  And
they    didn't    tell    me.    They    switched    the    software    and    started    renting    to
specialty markets."