arms  and  chest,  Case  knew  that  at  some  point  he'd  started  to  play  a  game
with  himself,  a  very  ancient  one  that  has  no  name,  a  final  solitaire.  He  no
longer  carried  a  weapon,  no  longer  took  the  basic  precautions.  He  ran  the
fastest, loosest deals on the street, and he had a reputation for being able to
get   whatever   you   wanted.   A   part   of   him   knew   that   the   arc   of   his   self-
destruction    was    glaringly    obvious    to    his    customers,    who    grew    steadily
fewer, but that same part of him basked in the knowledge that it was only a
matter  of  time.  And  that  was  the  part  of  him,  smug  in  its  expectation  of
death, that most hated the thought of Linda Lee.

He'd found her, one rainy night, in an arcade.

Under     bright     ghosts     burning     through     a     blue     haze     of     cigarette     smoke,
holograms  of  Wizard's  Castle,  Tank  War  Europa,  the  New  York  skyline...
And   now   he   remembered   her   that   way,   her   face   bathed   in   restless   laser
light, features reduced to a code: her cheekbones flaring scarlet as Wizard's
Castle burned, forehead drenched with azure when Munich fell to the Tank
War, mouth touched with hot gold as a gliding cursor struck sparks from the
wall of a skyscraper canyon. He was riding high that night, with a brick of
Wage's   ketamine   on   its   way   to   Yokohama   and   the   money   already   in   his
pocket.  He'd  come  in  out  of  the  warm  rain  that  sizzled  across  the  Ninsei
pavement and somehow she'd been singled out for him, one face out of the
dozens    who    stood    at    the    consoles,    lost    in    the    game    she    played.    The
expression on her face, then, had been the one he'd seen, hours later, on her
sleeping face in a portside coffin, her upper lip like the line children draw to
represent a bird in flight.

Crossing the arcade to stand beside her, high on the deal he'd made, he saw
her  glance  up.  Gray  eyes  rimmed  with  smudged  black  paintstick.  Eyes  of
some animal pinned in the headlights of an oncoming vehicle.

Their night together stretching into a morning, into tickets at the hoverport
and  his  first  trip  across  the  Bay.  The  rain  kept  up,  falling  along  Harajuku,
beading    on    her    plastic    jacket,    the    children    of    Tokyo    trooping    past    the
famous  boutiques  in  white  loafers  and  clingwrap  capes,  until  she'd  stood
with him in the midnight clatter of a pachinko parlor and held his hand like
a child.