She got up slowly, her eyes fixed on the muzzle of a black automatic pistol.
The   man's   hand   was   steady   enough,   now;   the   gun's   barrel   seemed   to   be
attached to her throat with a taut, invisible string.

He  was  old,  very  tall,  and  his  features  reminded  Case  of  the  girl  he  had
glimpsed   in   the   Vingtime   Sicle.   He   wore   a   heavy   robe   of   maroon   silk,
quilted around the long cuffs and shawl collar. One foot was bare, the other
in a black velvet slipper with an embroidered gold foxhead over the instep.
He motioned her into the room. "Slow, darling." The room was very large,
cluttered with an assortment of things that made no sense to Case. He saw a
gray  steel  rack  of  old-fashioned  Sony  monitors,  a  wide  brass  bed  heaped
with sheepskins, with pillows that seemed to have been made from the kind
of     rug     used     to     pave     the     corridors.     Molly's     eyes     darted     from     a     huge
Telefunken   entertainment   console   to   shelves   of   antique   disk   recordings,
their  crumbling  spines  cased  in  clear  plastic,  to  a  wide  worktable  littered
with  slabs  of  silicon.  Case  registered  the  cyberspace  deck  and  the  trodes,
but her glance slid over it without pausing.

"It would be customary," the old man said, "for me to kill you now." Case
felt her tense, ready for a move. "But tonight I indulge myself. What is your
name?"

"Molly."

"Molly. Mine is Ashpool." He sank back into the creased softness of a huge
leather  armchair  with  square  chrome  legs,  but  the  gun  never  wavered.  He
put  her  fletcher  on  a  brass  table  beside  the  chair,  knocking  over  a  plastic
vial of red pills. The table was thick with vials, bottles of liquor, soft plastic
envelopes    spilling    white    powders.    Case    noticed    an    old-fashioned    glass
hypodermic and a plain steel spoon.

"How do you cry, Molly? I see your eyes are walled away. I'm curious." His
eyes   were   red-rimmed,   his   forehead   gleaming   with   sweat.   He   was   very
pale. Sick, Case decided. Or drugs.

"I don't cry, much."

"But how would you cry, if someone made you cry?"