"Expensive,"    she    said.    "Wonder    whatever    happened    to    that    little    ninja,
Finn?"

"Probably got him on ice. Thaw when needed."

"Okay,"  Case  said,  "we  got  Armitage  getting  his  goodies  off  an  AI  named
Wintermute. Where's that get us?"

"Nowhere yet," Molly said, "but you got a little side gig now." She drew a
folded scrap of paper from her pocket and handed it to him. He opened it.
Grid coordinates and entry codes.

"Who's this?"

"Armitage.  Some  data  base  of  his.  Bought  it  from  the  Moderns.  Separate
deal. Where is it?"

"London," Case said.

"Crack it." She laughed. "Earn your keep for a change."

Case  waited  for  a  trans-BAMA  local  on  the  crowded  platform.  Molly  had
gone  back  to  the  loft  hours  ago,  the  Flatline's  construct  in  her  green  bag,
and Case had been drinking steadily ever since.

It  was  disturbing  to  think  of  the  Flatline  as  a  construct,  a  hardwired  ROM
cassette   replicating   a   dead   man's   skills,   obsessions,   kneejerk   responses...
The local came booming in along the black induction strip, fine grit sifting
from cracks in the tunnel's ceiling. Case shuffled into the nearest door and
watched    the    other    passengers    as    he    rode.    A    pair    of    predatory    looking
Christian  Scientists  were  edging  toward  a  trio  of  young  office  techs  who
wore    idealized    holographic    vaginas    on    their    wrists,    wet    pink    glittering
under  the  harsh  lighting.  The  techs  licked  their  perfect  lips  nervously  and
eyed  the  Christian  Scientists  from  beneath  lowered  metallic  lids.  The  girls
looked         like         tall,         exotic         grazing         animals,         swaying         gracefully         and
unconsciously with the movement of the train, their high heels like polished
hooves     against     the     gray     metal     of     the     car's     floor.     Before     they     could
stampede, take flight from the missionaries, the train reached Case's station.