His tail was back. He was sure of it. He felt a stab of elation, the octagons
and    adrenaline    mingling    with    something    else.    You're    enjoying    this,    he
thought; you're crazy.

Because, in some weird and very approximate way, it was like a run in the
matrix.     Get     just     wasted     enough,     find     yourself     in     some     desperate     but
strangely  arbitrary  kind  of  trouble,  and  it  was  possible  to  see  Ninsei  as  a
field of data, the way the matrix had once reminded him of proteins linking
to     distinguish     cell     specialties.     Then     you     could     throw     yourself     into     a
highspeed  drift  and  skid,  totally  engaged  but  set  apart  from  it  all,  and  all
around you the dance of biz, information interacting, data made flesh in the
mazes of the black market...

Go it, Case, he told himself. Suck 'em in. Last thing they'll expect. He was
half a block from the games arcade where he'd first met Linda Lee.

He bolted across Ninsei, scattering a pack of strolling sailors. One of them
screamed after him in Spanish. Then he was through the entrance, the sound
crashing  over  him  like  surf,  subsonics  throbbing  in  the  pit  of  his  stomach.
Someone    scored    a    ten-megaton    hit    on    Tank    War    Europa,    a    simulated
airburst  drowning  the  arcade  in  white  sound  as  a  lurid  hologram  fireball
mushroomed     overhead.     He     cut     to     the     right     and     loped     up     a     flight     of
unpainted  chipboard  stairs.  He'd  come  here  once  with  Wage,  to  discuss  a
deal     in     proscribed     hormonal     triggers     with     a     man     called     Matsuga.     He
remembered   the   hallway,   its   stained   matting,   the   row   of   identical   doors
leading to tiny office cubicles. One door was open now. A Japanese girl in a
sleeveless black t-shirt glanced up from a white terminal, behind her head a
travel poster of Greece, Aegian blue splashed with streamlined ideograms.

"Get your security up here," Case told her.

Then  he  sprinted  down  the  corridor,  out  of  her  sight.  The  last  two  doors
were closed and, he assumed, locked. He spun and slammed the sole of his
nylon running shoe into the bluelacquered composition door at the far end.
It    popped,    cheap    hardware    failing    from    the    splintered    frame.    Darkness
there, the white curve of a terminal housing. Then he was on the door to its
right,    both    hands    around    the    transparent    plastic    knob,    leaning    in    with
everything he had. Something snapped, and he was inside. This was where