"Peter." She gave her head a little shake. A strand of dark hair came loose,
fell across her forehead. "Peter has become rather boring. I find drug use in
general to be boring." She giggled. "In others, at any rate. My father was a
dedicated abuser, as you must have seen."

Molly tensed.

"Don't      alarm      yourself."      3Jane's      fingers      brushed      the      skin      above      the
waistband  of  the  leather  jeans.  "His  suicide  was  the  result  of  my  having
manipulated  the  safety  margins  of  his  freeze.  I'd  never  actually  met  him,
you know. I was decanted after he last went down to sleep. But I did know
him    _very_    well.    The    cores    know    everything.    I    watched    him    kill    my
mother. I'll show you that, when you're better. He strangles her in bed."

"Why did he kill her?" Her unbandaged eye focused on the girl's face.

"He      couldn't      accept      the      direction      she      intended      for      our      family.      She
commissioned the construction of our artificial intelligences. She was quite
a visionary. She imagined us in a symbiotic relationship with the AI's, our
corporate   decisions   made   for   us.   Our   conscious   decisions,   I   should   say.
Tessier   Ashpool   would   be   immortal,   a   hive,   each   of   us   units   of   a   larger
entity. Fascinating. I'll play her tapes for you, nearly a thousand hours. But
I've never understood her, really, and with her death, her direction was lost.
All   direction   was   lost,   and   we   began   to   burrow   into   ourselves.   Now   we
seldom come out. I'm the exception there."

"You  said  you  were  trying  to  kill  the  old  man?  You  fiddled  his  cryogenic
programs?"

3Jane  nodded.  "I  had  help.  From  a  ghost.  That  was  what  I  thought  when  I
was very young, that there were ghosts in the corporate cores. Voices. One
of  them  was  what  you  call  Wintermute,  which  is  the  Turing  code  for  our
Berne AI, although the entity manipulating you is a sort of subprogram."

"One of them? There's more?"

"One other. But that one hasn't spoken to me in years. It gave up, I think. I
suspect   that   both   represent   the   fruition   of   certain   capacities   my   mother