He told her about his attempt to buzz the Berne AI. The whole question of
bugging seemed to have become academic. If Armitage were tapping them,
he'd be doing it through Wintermute.

"And it was like real?" she asked, her mouth full of cheese croissant. "Like
simstim?"

He said it was. "Real as this," he added, looking around. "Maybe more."

The     trees     were     small,     gnarled,     impossibly     old,     the     result     of     genetic
engineering      and      chemical      manipulation.      Case      would      have      been      hard
pressed  to  distinguish  a  pine  from  an  oak,  but  a  street  boy's  sense  of  style
told   him   that   these   were   too   cute,   too   entirely   and   definitively   treelike.
Between the trees, on gentle and too cleverly irregular slopes of sweet green
grass,  the  bright  umbrellas  shaded  the  hotel's  guests  from  the  unfaltering
radiance  of  the  Lado-Acheson  sun.  A  burst  of  French  from  a  nearby  table
caught his attention: the golden children he'd seen gliding above river mist
the evening before. Now he saw that their tans were uneven, a stencil effect
produced   by   selective   melanin   boosting,   multiple   shades   overlapping   in
rectilinear patterns, outlining and highlighting musculature, the girl's small
hard breasts, one boy's wrist resting on the white enamel of the table. They
looked to Case like machines built for racing; they deserved decals for their
hairdressers,    the    designers    of    their    white    cotton    ducks,    for    the    artisans
who'd   crafted   their   leather   sandals   and   simple   jewelry.   Beyond   them,   at
another      table,      three      Japanese      wives      in      Hiroshima      sackcloth      awaited
sarariman husbands, their oval faces covered with artificial bruises; it was,
he knew, an extremely conservative style, one he'd seldom seen in Chiba.

"What's that smell?" he asked Molly, wrinkling his nose.

"The grass. Smells that way after they cut it."

Armitage and Riviera arrived as they were finishing their coffee, Armitage
in tailored khakis that made him look as though his regimental patches had
just been stripped, Riviera in a loose gray seersucker outfit that perversely
suggested prison.