Smith's clientele included a Tokyo billionaire whose passion for clockwork
automata      approached      fetishism.      Smith      shrugged,      showing      Jimmy      his
upturned palms in a gesture old as pawn shops. He could try, he said, but he
doubted he could get much for it.

When   Jimmy   had   gone,   leaving   the   head,   Smith   went   over   it   carefully,
discovering  certain  hallmarks.  Eventually  he'd  been  able  to  trace  it  to  an
unlikely collaboration between two Zurich artisans, an enamel specialist in
Paris,     a     Dutch     jeweler,     and     a     California     chip     designer.     It     had     been
commissioned, he discovered, by Tessier-Ashpool S.A.

Smith began to make preliminary passes at the Tokyo collector, hinting that
he was on the track of something noteworthy.

And    then    he    had    a    visitor,    a    visitor    unannounced,    one    who    walked    in
through  the  elaborate  maze  of  Smith's  security  as  though  it  didn't  exist.  A
small    man,    Japanese,    enormously    polite,    who    bore    all    the    marks    of    a
vatgrown  ninja  assassin.  Smith  sat  very  still,  staring  into  the  calm  brown
eyes    of    death    across    a    polished    table    of    Vietnamese    rosewood.    Gently,
almost apologetically, the cloned killer explained that it was his duty to find
and return a certain artwork, a mechanism of great beauty, which had been
taken  from  the  house  of  his  master.  It  had  come  to  his  attention,  the  ninja
said, that Smith might know of the whereabouts of this object.

Smith told the man that he had no wish to die, and produced the head. And
how  much,  his  visitor  asked,  did  you  expect  to  obtain  through  the  sale  of
this object? Smith named a figure far lower than the price he'd intended to
set. The ninja produced a credit chip and keyed Smith that amount out of a
numbered Swiss account. And who, the man asked, brought you this piece?
Smith told him. Within days, Smith learned of Jimmy's death.

"So  that  was  where  I  came  in,"  the  Finn  continued.  "Smith  knew  I  dealt  a
lot with the Memory Lane crowd, and that's where you go for a quiet go-to
that'll   never   be   traced.   I   hired   a   cowboy.   I   was   the   cut-out,   so   I   took   a
percentage.   Smith,   he   was   careful.   He'd   just   had   a   very   weird   business
experience and he'd come out on top, but it didn't add up. Who'd paid, out
of  that  Swiss  stash?  Yakuza?  No  way.  They  got  a  very  rigid  code  covers
situations   like   that,   and   they   kill   the   receiver   too,   always.   Was   it   spook