drifted out into the night, peeling off surgical gloves. Nine different police
departments  and  public  security  agencies  were  absorbing  the  information
that an obscure subsect of militant Christian fundamentalists had just taken
credit   for   having   introduced   clinical   levels   of   an   outlawed   psychoactive
agent   known   as   Blue   Nine   into   the   ventilation   system   of   the   Sense/Net
Pyramid.   Blue   Nine,   known   in   California   as   Grievous   Angel,   had   been
shown   to   produce   acute   paranoia   and   homicidal   psychosis   in   eighty-five
percent of experimental subjects. Case hit the switch as his program surged
through the gates of the subsystem that controlled security for the Sense/Net
research library. He found himself stepping into an elevator.

"Excuse   me,   but   are   you   an   employee?"   The   guard   raised   his   eyebrows.
Molly popped her gum. "No," she said, driving the first two knuckles of her
right hand into the man's solar plexus. As he doubled over, clawing for the
beeper on his belt, she slammed his head sideways, against the wall of the
elevator.

Chewing a little more rapidly now, she touched CLOSE DOOR and STOP
on   the   illuminated   panel.   She   took   a   blackbox   from   her   coat   pocket   and
inserted a lead in the keyhole of the lock that secured the panel's circuitry.

The   Panther   Moderns   allowed   four   minutes   for   their   first   move   to   take
effect,   then   injected   a   second   carefully   prepared   dose   of   misinformation.
This  time,  they  shot  it  directly  into  the  Sense/Net  building's  internal  video
system.    At    12:04:03,    every    screen    in    the    building    strobed    for    eighteen
seconds  in  a  frequency  that  produced  seizures  in  a  susceptible  segment  of
Sense/Net    employees.    Then    something    only    vaguely    like    a    human    face
filled   the   screens,   its   features   stretched   across   asymmetrical   expanses   of
bone  like  some  obscene  Mercator  projection.  Blue  lips  parted  wetly  as  the
twisted,  elongated  jaw  moved.  Something,  perhaps  a  hand,  a  thing  like  a
reddish  clump  of  gnarled  roots,  fumbled  toward  the  camera,  blurred,  and
vanished.    Subliminally    rapid    images    of    contamination:    graphics    of    the
building's     water     supply     system,     gloved     hands     manipulating     laboratory
glassware,   something   tumbling   down   into   darkness,   a   pale   splash...   The
audio   track,   its   pitch   adjusted   to   run   at   just   less   than   twice   the   standard
playback     speed,     was     part     of     a     month-old     newscast     detailing     potential
military  uses  of  a  substance  known  as  HsG,  a  biochemical  governing  the