Jimmy, the boy who stole the head, he must be pretty much the same as the
one the Yak sent to kill Johnny." She drew the fletcher from its holster and
dialed the barrel to full auto.

The  ugliness  of  the  door  struck  Case  as  she  reached  for  it.  Not  the  door
itself,  which  was  beautiful,  or  had  once  been  part  of  some  more  beautiful
whole, but the way it had been sawn down to fit a particular entrance. Even
the shape was wrong, a rectangle amid smooth curves of polished concrete.
They'd  imported  these  things,  he  thought,  and  then  forced  it  all  to  fit.  But
none of it fit. The door was like the awkward cabinets, the huge crystal tree.
Then he remembered 3Jane's essay, and imagined that the fittings had been
hauled  up  the  well  to  flesh  out  some  master  plan,  a  dream  long  lost  in  the
compulsive  effort  to  fill  space,  to  replicate  some  family  image  of  self.  He
remembered the shattered nest, the eyeless things writhing...

Molly grasped one of the carved dragon's forelegs and the door swung open
easily.

The  room  behind  was  small,  cramped,  little  more  than  a  closet.  Gray  steel
tool cabinets were backed against a curving wall. A light fixture had come
on  automatically.  She  closed  the  door  behind  her  and  went  to  the  ranged
lockers.

THIRD     LEFT,     pulsed     the     optic     chip,     Wintermute     overriding     her     time
display. FIVE DOWN. But she opened the top drawer first. It was no more
than a shallow tray. Empty. The second was empty as well. The third, which
was  deeper,  contained  dull  beads  of  solder  and  a  small  brown  thing  that
looked  like  a  human  fingerbone.  The  fourth  drawer  held  a  damp-swollen
copy  of  an  obsolete  technical  manual  in  French  and  Japanese.  In  the  fifth,
behind  the  armored  gauntlet  of  a  heavy  vacuum  suit,  she  found  the  key.  It
was like a dull brass coin with a short hollow tube braised against one edge.
She turned it slowly in her hand and Case saw that the interior of the tube
was  lined  with  studs  and  flanges.  The  letters  CHUBB  were  molded  across
one face of the coin. The other was blank.

"He told me," she whispered. "Wintermute. How he played a waiting game
for   years.   Didn't   have   any   real   power,   then,   but   he   could   use   the   Villa's
security and custodial systems to keep track of where everything was, how