A brownish dot, a dull gnat against the green wall of the T-A cores. It began
to advance, across the bridge built by Kuang Grade Mark Eleven, and Case
saw that it was walking. As it came, the green section of the arch extended,
the polychrome of the virus program rolling back, a few steps ahead of the
cracked black shoes.

"Gotta   hand   it   to   you,   boss,"   the   Flatline   said,   when   the   short,   rumpled
figure    of    the    Finn    seemed    to    stand    a    few    meters    away.    "I    never    seen
anything this funny when I was alive." But the eerie nonlaugh didn't come.

"I never tried it before," the Finn said, showing his teeth, his hands bunched
in the pockets of his frayed jacket.

"You killed Armitage," Case said.

"Corto. Yeah. Armitage was already gone. Hadda do it. I know, I know, you
wanna get the enzyme. Okay. No sweat. I was the one gave it to Armitage
in the first place. I mean I told him what to use. But I think maybe it's better
to let the deal stand. You got enough time. I'll give it to you. Only a coupla
hours now, right?"

Case watched blue smoke billow in cyberspace as the Finn lit up one of his
Partagas.

"You guys," the Finn said, "you're a pain. The Flatline here, if you were all
like him, it would be real simple. He's a construct, just a buncha ROM, so
he always does what I expect him to. My projections said there wasn't much
chance  of  Molly  wandering  in  on  Ashpool's  big  exit  scene,  give  you  one
example." He sighed.

"Why'd he kill himself?" Case asked.

"Why's   anybody   kill   himself?"   The   figure   shrugged.   "I   guess   I   know,   if
anybody   does,   but   it   would   take   me   twelve   hours   to   explain   the   various
factors  in  his  history  and  how  they  interrelate.  He  was  ready  to  do  it  for  a
long time, but he kept going back into the freezer. Christ, he was a tedious
old  fuck."  The  Finn's  face  wrinkled  with  disgust.  "It's  all  tied  in  with  why
he  killed  his  wife,  mainly,  you  want  the  short  reason.  But  what  sent  him