across that colorless void... The Sprawl was a long strange way home over
the  Pacific  now,  and  he  was  no  console  man,  no  cyberspace  cowboy.  Just
another  hustler,  trying  to  make  it  through.  But  the  dreams  came  on  in  the
Japanese night like livewire voodoo, and he'd cry for it, cry in his sleep, and
wake alone in the dark, curled in his capsule in some coffin hotel, his hands
clawed into the bedslab, temperfoam bunched between his fingers, trying to
reach the console that wasn't there.

"I saw your girl last night," Ratz said, passing Case his second Kirin.

"I don't have one," he said, and drank.

"Miss Linda Lee."

Case shook his head.

"No girl? Nothing? Only biz, friend artiste? Dedication to commerce?" The
bartender's small brown eyes were nested deep in wrinkled flesh. "I think I
liked  you  better,  with  her.  You  laughed  more.  Now,  some  night,  you  get
maybe too artistic; you wind up in the clinic tanks, spare parts."

"You're  breaking  my  heart,  Ratz."  He  finished  his  beer,  paid  and  left,  high
narrow     shoulders     hunched     beneath     the     rainstained     khaki     nylon     of     his
windbreaker. Threading his way through the Ninsei crowds, he could smell
his own stale sweat.

Case was twenty-four. At twenty-two, he'd been a cowboy, a rustler, one of
the best in the Sprawl. He'd been trained by the best, by McCoy Pauley and
Bobby  Quine,  legends  in  the  biz.  He'd  operated  on  an  almost  permanent
adrenaline high, a byproduct of youth and proficiency, jacked into a custom
cyberspace    deck    that    projected    his    disembodied    consciousness    into    the
consensual hallucination that was the matrix. A thief, he'd worked for other,
wealthier  thieves,  employers  who  provided  the  exotic  software  required  to
penetrate the bright walls of corporate systems, opening windows into rich
fields of data.

He'd   made   the   classic   mistake,   the   one   he'd   sworn   he'd   never   make.   He
stole from his employers. He kept something for himself and tried to move