sound as Case plunged through the glowing strata of Sense/Net ice. Good.
Check Molly. He hit the simstim and flipped into her sensorium.

The  scrambler  blurred  the  visual  input  slightly.  She  stood  before  a  wall  of
gold-flecked     mirror     in     the     building's     vast     white     lobby,     chewing     gum,
apparently  fascinated  by  her  own  reflection.  Aside  from  the  huge  pair  of
sunglasses concealing her mirrored insets, she managed to look remarkably
like  she  belonged  there,  another  tourist  girl  hoping  for  a  glimpse  of  Tally
Isham. She wore a pink plastic raincoat, a white mesh top, loose white pants
cut   in   a   style   that   had   been   fashionable   in   Tokyo   the   previous   year.   She
grinned  vacantly  and  popped  her  gum.  Case  felt  like  laughing.  He  could
feel the micropore tape across her ribcage, feel the flat little units under it:
the radio, the simstim unit, and the scrambler. The throat mike, glued to her
neck, looked as much as possible like an analgesic dermadisk. Her hands, in
the pockets of the pink coat, were flexing systematically through a series of
tension-release    exercises.    It    took    him    a    few    seconds    to    realize    that    the
peculiar sensation at the tips of her fingers was caused by the blades as they
were partially extruded, then retracted.

He flipped back. His program had reached the fifth gate. He watched as his
icebreaker   strobed   and   shifted   in   front   of   him,   only   faintly   aware   of   his
hands    playing    across    the    deck,    making    minor    adjustments.    Translucent
planes of color shuffled like a trick deck. Take a card, he thought, any card.

The gate blurred past. He laughed. The Sense/Net ice had accepted his entry
as  a  routine  transfer  from  the  consortium's  Los  Angeles  complex.  He  was
inside.  Behind  him,  viral  subprograms  peeled  off,  meshing  with  the  gate's
code fabric, ready to deflect the real Los Angeles data when it arrived.

He flipped again. Molly was strolling past the enormous circular reception
desk at the rear of the lobby.

12:01:20 as the readout flared in her optic nerve.

At   midnight,   synched   with   the   chip   behind   Molly's   eye,   the   link   man   in
Jersey had given his command. "Mainline." Nine Moderns, scattered along
two hundred miles of the Sprawl, had simultaneously dialed MAX EMERG
from pay phones. Each Modern delivered a short set speech, hung up, and