Sexless and inhumanly patient, his primary gratification seemed to lie in his
devotion to esoteric forms of tailor-worship. Case had never seen him wear
the  same  suit  twice,  although  his  wardrobe  seemed  to  consist  entirely  of
meticulous reconstructions of garments of the previous century. He affected
prescription lenses, framed in spidery gold, ground from thin slabs of pink
synthetic quartz and beveled like the mirrors in a Victorian dollhouse.

His    offices    were    located    in    a    warehouse    behind    Ninsei,    part    of    which
seemed    to    have    been    sparsely    decorated,    years    before,    with    a    random
collection of European furniture, as though Deane had once intended to use
the place as his home. Neo Aztec bookcases gathered dust against one wall
of   the   room   where   Case   waited.   A   pair   of   bulbous   Disney-styled   table
lamps perched awkwardly on a low Kandinsky-look coffee table in scarlet-
lacquered  steel.  A  Dali  clock  hung  on  the  wall  between  the  bookcases,  its
distorted face sagging to the bare concrete floor. Its hands were holograms
that   altered   to   match   the   convolutions   of   the   face   as   they   rotated,   but   it
never   told   the   correct   time.   The   room   was   stacked   with   white   fiberglass
shipping modules that gave off the tang of preserved ginger.

"You   seem   to   be   clean,   old   son,"   said   Deane's   disembodied   voice.   "Do
come in."

Magnetic    bolts    thudded    out    of    position    around    the    massive    imitation-
rosewood   door   to   the   left   of   the   bookcases.   JULIUS   DEANE   IMPORT
EXPORT was lettered across the plastic in peeling self-adhesive capitals. If
the furniture scattered in Deane's makeshift foyer suggested the end of the
past century, the office itself seemed to belong to its start.

Deane's  seamless  pink  face  regarded  Case  from  a  pool  of  light  cast  by  an
ancient    brass    lamp    with    a    rectangular    shade    of    dark    green    glass.    The
importer was securely fenced behind a vast desk of painted steel, flanked on
either side by tall, drawered cabinets made of some sort of pale wood. The
sort   of   thing,   Case   supposed,   that   had   once   been   used   to   store   written
records   of   some   kind.   The   desktop   was   littered   with   cassettes,   scrolls   of
yellowed printout, and various parts of some sort of clockwork typewriter, a
machine Deane never seemed to get around to reassembling.