The lozenge went blank.

"Run that back and get the Hosaka to look it up," he told the construct.

He flipped.

The  perspective  startled  him.  Molly  was  crouching  between  steel  girders,
twenty meters above a broad, stained floor of polished concrete. The room
was a hangar or service bay. He could see three spacecraft, none larger than
_Garvey_ and all in various stages of repair. Japanese voices. A figure in an
orange  jumpsuit  stepped  from  a  gap  in  the  hull  of  a  bulbous  construction
vehicle       and       stood       beside       one       of       the       thing's       piston-driven,       weirdly
anthropomorphic arms. The man punched something into a portable console
and scratched his ribs. A cartlike red drone rolled into sight on gray balloon
tires.

CASE, flashed her chip.

"Hey," she said. "Waiting for a guide."

She  settled  back  on  her  haunches,  the  arms  and  knees  of  her  Modern  suit
the color of the blue-gray paint on the girders, Her leg hurt, a sharp steady
pain now. "I shoulda gone back to Chin," she muttered.

Something came ticking quietly out of the shadows, on a level with her left
shoulder.  It  paused,  swayed  its  spherical  body  from  side  to  side  on  high-
arched spider legs, fired a microsecond burst of diffuse laserlight, and froze.
It  was  a  Braun  microdrone,  and  Case  had  once  owned  the  same  model,  a
pointless accessory he'd obtained as part of a package deal with a Cleveland
hardware fence. It looked like a stylized matte black daddy longlegs. A red
LED  began  to  pulse,  at  the  sphere's  equator.  Its  body  was  no  larger  than  a
baseball. "Okay," she said, "I hear you." She stood up, favoring her left leg,
and   watched   the   little   drone   reverse.   It   picked   its   methodical   way   back
across    its    girder    and    into    darkness.    She    turned    and    looked    back    at    the
service   area.   The   man   in   the   orange   jumpsuit   was   sealing   the   front   of   a
white  vacuum  rig.  She  watched  him  ring  and  seal  the  helmet,  pick  up  his
console, and step back through the gap in the construction boat's hull. There
was a rising whine of motors and the thing slid smoothly out of sight on a