Something was moving in the shadows behind METRO HOLOGRAFIX.

The  door  was  a  sheet  of  corrugated  roofing.  In  front  of  it,  Molly's  hands
flowed   through   an   intricate   sequence   of   jive   that   he   couldn't   follow.   He
caught the sign for _cash,_ a thumb brushing the tip of the forefinger. The
door swung inward and she led him into the smell of dust. They stood in a
clearing,   dense   tangles   of   junk   rising   on   either   side   to   walls   lined   with
shelves of crumbling paperbacks. The junk looked like something that had
grown    there,    a    fungus    of    twisted    metal    and    plastic.    He    could    pick    out
individual objects, but then they seemed to blur back into the mass: the guts
of a television so old it was studded with the glass stumps of vacuum tubes,
a    crumpled    dish    antenna,    a    brown    fiber    canister    stuffed    with    corroded
lengths  of  alloy  tubing.  An  enormous  pile  of  old  magazines  had  cascaded
into the open area, flesh of lost summers staring blindly up as he followed
her  back  through  a  narrow  canyon  of  impacted  scrap.  He  heard  the  door
close behind them. He didn't look back.

The  tunnel  ended  with  an  ancient  Army  blanket  tacked  across  a  doorway.
White light flooded out as Molly ducked past it.

Four   square   walls   of   blank   white   plastic,   ceiling   to   match,   floored   with
white hospital tile molded in a nonslip pattern of small raised disks. In the
center  stood  a  square,  white-painted  wooden  table  and  four  white  folding
chairs.

The man who stood blinking now in the doorway behind them, the blanket
draping one shoulder like a cape, seemed to have been designed in a wind
tunnel. His ears were very small, plastered flat against his narrow skull, and
his  large  front  teeth,  revealed  in  something  that  wasn't  quite  a  smile,  were
canted    sharply    backward.    He    wore    an    ancient    tweed    jacket    and    held    a
handgun   of   some   kind   in   his   left   hand.   He   peered   at   them,   blinked,   and
dropped the gun into a jacket pocket. He gestured to Case, pointed at a slab
of  white  plastic  that  leaned  near  the  doorway.  Case  crossed  to  it  and  saw
that   it   was   a   solid   sandwich   of   circuitry,   nearly   a   centimeter   thick.   He
helped the man lift it and position it in the doorway. Quick, nicotine-stained
fingers secured it with a white velcro border. A hidden exhaust fan began to
purr.