3Jane     nodded.     "Yes.     We     ran     the     usual     medical     scan,     before     he     was
admitted."  She  touched  the  ball  in  a  certain  way  and  it  sprang  away  from
Molly's hands. "Selective destruction of the cells of the _substantia nigra._
Signs   of   the   formation   of   a   Lewy   body.   He   sweats   a   great   deal,   in   his
sleep."

"Ali,"  Molly  said,  ten  blades  glittering,  exposed  for  an  instant.  She  tugged
the     blanket     away     from     her     legs,     revealing     the     inflated     cast.     "It's     the
meperidine. I had Ali make me up a custom batch. Speeded up the reaction
times with higher temperatures. _N_-methyl-4-phenyl-1236," she sang, like
a child reciting the steps of a sidewalk game, "tetra-hydro-pyridene."

"A hotshot," Case said.

"Yeah," Molly said, "a real slow hotshot."

"That's appalling," 3Jane said, and giggled.

It   was   crowded   in   the   elevator.   Case   was   jammed   pelvis   to   pelvis   with
3Jane, the muzzle of the Remington under her chin. She grinned and ground
against  him.  "You  stop,"  he  said,  feeling  helpless.  He  had  the  gun's  safety
on, but he was terrified of injuring her, and she knew it. The elevator was a
steel  cylinder,  under  a  meter  in  diameter,  intended  for  a  single  passenger.
Maelcum     had     Molly     in     his     arms.     She'd     bandaged     his     wound,     but     it
obviously     hurt     him     to     carry     her.     Her     hip     was     pressing     the     deck     and
construct into Case's kidneys.

They rose out of gravity, toward the axis, the cores.

The   entrance   to   the   elevator   had   been   concealed   beside   the   stairs   to   the
corridor, another touch in 3Jane's pirate cave decor.

"I   don't   suppose   I   should   tell   you   this,"   3Jane   said,   craning   her   head   to
allow her chin to clear the muzzle of the gun, "but I don't have a key to the
room    you    want.    I    never    have    had    one.    One    of    my    father's    Victorian
awkwardnesses. The lock is mechanical and extremely complex."