and  Roland  shrugged,  raising  his  eyebrows  at  Case.  Case  decided  it  was  a
good time to smile. Roland returned the smile.

Oldest  cop  bullshit  in  the  book,  Case  thought.  "Look,"  he  said,  "I'm  sick.
Had this godawful drug in a bar, you know? I wanna lie down. You got me
already.  You  say  you  got  Armitage.  You  got  him,  go  ask  _him._  I'm  just
hired help."

Roland nodded. "And Kolodny?"

"She was with Armitage when he hired me. Just muscle, a razorgirl. Far as I
know. Which isn't too far."

"You  know  that  Armitage's  real  name  is  Corto,"  Pierre  said,  his  eyes  still
hidden by the soft plastic flanges of the binoculars. "How do you know that,
my friend?"

"I      guess      he      mentioned      it      sometime,"      Case      said,      regretting      the      slip.
"Everybody's got a couple names. Your name Pierre?"

"We  know  how  you  were  repaired  in  Chiba,"  Michle  said,  "and  that  may
have  been  Wintermute's  first  mistake."  Case  stared  at  her  as  blankly  as  he
could. The name hadn't been mentioned before. "The process employed on
you resulted in the clinic's owner applying for seven basic patents. Do you
know what that means?"

"No."

"It   means   that   the   operator   of   a   black   clinic   in   Chiba   City   now   owns   a
controlling     interest     in     three     major     medical     research     consortiums.     This
reverses    the    usual    order    of    things,    you    see.    It    attracted    attention."    She
crossed   her   brown   arms   across   her   small   high   breasts   and   settled   back
against the print cushion. Case wondered how old she might be. People said
that age always showed in the eyes, but he'd never been able to see it. Julie
Deane   had   had   the   eyes   of   a   disinterested   ten-year-old   behind   the   rose
quartz  of  his  glasses.  Nothing  old  about  Michle  but  her  knuckles.  "Traced
you  to  the  Sprawl,  lost  you  again,  then  caught  up  with  you  as  you  were
leaving      for      Istanbul.      We      backtracked,      traced      you      through      the      grid,