determined that you'd instigated a riot at Sense/Net. Sense/Net was eager to
cooperate.    They    ran    an    inventory    for    us.    They    discovered    that    McCoy
Pauley's ROM personality construct was missing."

"In   Istanbul,"   Roland   said,   almost   apologetically,   "it   was   very   easy.   The
woman had alienated Armitage's contact with the secret police."

"And   then   you   came   here,"   Pierre   said,   slipping   the   binoculars   into   his
shorts pocket. "We were delighted."

"Chance to work on your tan?"

"You  know  what  we  mean,"  Michle  said.  "If  you  wish  to  pretend  that  you
do  not,  you  only  make  things  more  difficult  for  yourself.  There  is  still  the
matter  of  extradition.  You  will  return  with  us,  Case,  as  will  Armitage.  But
where,  exactly,  will  we  all  be  going?  To  Switzerland,  where  you  will  be
merely   a   pawn   in   the   trial   of   an   artificial   intelligence?   Or   to   le   BAMA,
where you can be proven to have participated not only in data invasion and
larceny, but in an act of public mischief which cost fourteen innocent lives?
The choice is yours."

Case   took   a   Yeheyuan   from   his   pack;   Pierre   lit   it   for   him   with   the   gold
Dunhill.  "Would  Armitage  protect  you?"  The  question  was  punctuated  by
the lighter's bright jaws snapping shut.

Case          looked          up          at          him          through          the          ache          and          bitterness          of
betaphenethylamine. "How old are you, boss?"

"Old  enough  to  know  that  you  are  fucked,  burnt,  that  this  is  over  and  you
are in the way."

"One thing," Case said, and drew on his cigarette. He blew the smoke up at
the   Turing   Registry   agent.   "Do   you   guys   have   any   real   jurisdiction   out
here?   I   mean,   shouldn't   you   have   the   Freeside   security   team   in   on   this
party? It's their turf, isn't it?" He saw the dark eyes harden in the lean boy
face and tensed for the blow, but Pierre only shrugged.