06:27:52    by    the    chip    in    her    optic    nerve;    Case    had    been    following    her
progress   through   Villa   Straylight   for   over   an   hour,   letting   the   endorphin
analog she'd taken blot out his hangover. The pain in her leg was gone; she
seemed to move through a warm bath. The Braun drone was perched on her
shoulder,   its   tiny   manipulators,   like   padded   surgical   clips,   secure   in   the
polycarbon of the Modern suit.

The walls here were raw steel, striped with rough brown ribbons of epoxy
where  some  kind  of  covering  had  been  ripped  away.  She'd  hidden  from  a
work crew, crouching, the fletcher cradled in her hands, her suit steel-gray,
while the two slender Africans and their balloon-tired workcart passed. The
men had shaven heads and wore orange coveralls. One was singing softly to
himself in a language Case had never heard, the tones and melody alien and
haunting.

The  head's  speech,  3Jane's  essay  on  Straylight,  came  back  to  him  as  she
worked  her  way  deeper  into  the  maze  of  the  place.  Straylight  was  crazy,
was   craziness   grown   in   the   resin   concrete   they'd   mixed   from   pulverized
lunar stone, grown in welded steel and tons of knick-knacks, all the bizarre
impedimentia  they'd  shipped  up  the  well  to  line  their  winding  nest.  But  it
wasn't  a  craziness  he  understood.  Not  like  Armitage's  madness,  which  he
now imagined he could understand; twist a man far enough, then twist him
as   far   back,   in   the   opposite   direction,   reverse   and   twist   again.   The   man
broke.    Like    breaking    a    length    of    wire.    And    history    had    done    that    for
Colonel    Corto.    History    had    already    done    the    really    messy    work,    when
Wintermute   found   him,   sifting   him   out   of   all   of   the   war's   ripe   detritus,
gliding  into  the  man's  flat  gray  field  of  consciousness  like  a  water  spider
crossing the face of some stagnant pool, the first messages blinking across
the    face    of    a    child's    micro    in    a    darkened    room    in    a    French    asylum.
Wintermute  had  built  Armitage  up  from  scratch,  with  Corto's  memories  of
Screaming    Fist    as    the    foundation.    But    Armitage's    "memories"    wouldn't
have    been    Corto's    after    a    certain    point.    Case    doubted    if    Armitage    had
recalled  the  betrayal,  the  Nightwings  whirling  down  in  flame...  Armitage
had  been  a  sort  of  edited  version  of  Corto,  and  when  the  stress  of  the  run
had reached a certain point, the Armitage mechanism had crumbled; Corto
had surfaced, with his guilt and his sick fury. And now Corto-Armitage was
dead, a small frozen moon for Freeside.